*** Live Stream 03-21-2025 How to trade Crypto as a Pro *** 

00:01:05
welcome welcome welcome MW there is no easy way out yes talking about the rocky for soundtracks that have been running making big success love the rocky series by the way also so welcome with the firm there is no easy way out there is no easy way oh by the way I might get some trouble with some copyrights well whatever fuck it you know oh by the way guys it's a fucking show today so A lot of swearing today. Be prepared for that one. If there are children around, get them out. Okay. So, welcome, welcome all. So, no, we had other music. We had copyright music. So, good day, everyone. This is Bob. We got Egon Alpiman. We got Zisa and Draft. We got This Is Bob again. And then we got Nicholas.

00:01:53
We got Salsra in the house. So, what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What is this? What is this? Salsra. I'm going to miss this even though I'm super tired. Salsa is dead. Salsa is dying. Oh, thank you. We're doing hot. We're doing hot. We have Zupark. We got Alpiman. Alpiman. You're getting blocked. If there's someone that should be getting blocked, Alpiman, it's you, by the way. So, and after you, it's Janus. And after Janus, it's, what's that other one that ruined the other? What was it? What was the other one? Genesis, what's the other one ruined

00:02:37
the trading course which so what do you got what do you got what do you got what do you got what do you got Frodo it's not hard it's not hard come on guys okay what is this so we got we got Alan we got uh Kirk what do we got uh we got Rex we got we got Alan remember him who was the other guy you know guys I've got so much on my mind. Waleed, we got Ziggy, we got Mark, we got SS, Bip, Nicholas, we got Trader Mac, XO, Lemya, Matija, Mirko, we got John, we got Don Salada. Don Salada, my bro. Always call me at the wrong moments. Why are you calling now? I'm in a live. Don't call me now.

00:03:31
What do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? CCM, Crypto, Raza, we got FACOX, we got Avelina, the doc is in the house, FT. Okay, so, first of all, we're going to talk about, oh God, I'm talking about, we're going to talk about, yes, it's going to be an educational vid. It's going to be a tough one, guys. I'm going to be a little bit harsh today, so if you're, you know, if your toes are hurting you, or your feelings are hurt, or you're feeling a little bit sensitive today, just close this stream and just watch it when you're a bit stronger. Because now is not the time to, you know, I'm going to be very harsh. So if your feelings are hurting you, well, too bad for you.

00:04:20
So just don't watch this live stream. Kabish, kabish, kabish, kabish. Because, you know. I always think to myself, okay, MW, okay, you have been clear. Okay, MW, teach them well. Okay, MW, okay. They know it by now. Then every freaking time again and again. Every fucking time again. And then they fall for that same trap. And then they walk, walk, walk, and then they fall for that same trap. And then they walk, walk, walk, and they fall for that same trap. And every freaking time, it's only one thing and one thing only. It's the freaking, fucking greed. It's the greed that takes over. And, you know, when the greed takes over, then, you know, you've got to start making mistakes. And I can keep explaining it and warning and, you know, keep talking about it like a million times.

00:05:09
But every freaking time they just fall for the same crap and they fall for the same big enemy of them. And that's the greed. And that's the greed, and that's the greed. And when you get caught by that greed, and then it's kaboom, and then you start getting emotional, and then you start getting, oh, my God, what did I do? And then you're going to regret things, and then you're going to feel sad, and then you're not going to get any sleep, or then you get angry, and then you get this, and then you get that, and then you're going to make very bad decisions, and then you're going to. Lose money. That's how it works. That's how it works. That's how it all works.

00:05:57
So I'm just seeing, you know, while I'm talking to you guys, I'm seeing some dust over here and I don't like, I hate dust. So I put in some tissues and I'm wiping the dust away. I hate dust. I want everything to be picobello clean. That's just how I want it. And, I see that things are not clean; I don't feel no, I don't like it; I just feel bad, no, I feel bad-my things are not clean; I just want everything needs to be clean, so what was I saying? Yes, I was saying that people, they make the same mistakes, so we gotta talk about those mistakes, so let's hope That after this live stream. You just fucking listen to me. You just fucking listen to me.

00:06:59
And that's why I have to be a little bit hard; because that's the only language-not you as a person, but your greed listens to; so I can speak very politely; you know. that greed that is in you he doesn't listen to that language so what happens is i'm just speaking for nothing and i don't want to speak for nothing i want you to listen i want you to be safe so first of all guys the market so we got you know whatever you know you know you know do i still need to say something about this i really hope i don't you know it's it's it's you know Listen, if you are with me, it's like you're living in the future. So what did we do? We had this dump.

00:07:58
And when we had this dump, I told you we're going to have this bump. And when we had this bump, I told you we're going to have this bounce. I told you that this indicator is going to slow down. I told you that this was the resistance level. I told you that the Fed will come and we'll get probably this bounce up. And then I told you after the Fed, we will get the rejection again. And then we're going down again. Actually, the exact story that you're seeing, actually, not only from here, from here. So I'm just taking you into the future every freaking time again and again. And I'm taking you into the future by the hardest in the world and the most important one in the world.

00:08:32
And I'm just telling you every time again and again and again how it's moving, before it's moving. So this is just like I explained to you guys in the details in the previous lives. That's what we're seeing. So what do we expect now? I really don't have a clue. And why don't I have a clue? Because now we are just heading down and we're just going into the weekend. So probably, this thing might bounce back a bit or whatever. So maybe some events will happen. But, you know, this is the target. This is the temporary target. This is our target. We didn't hit it over here. So maybe we've got to hit it now. And let me tell you, by the way, guys, there is a lot of money to be made.

00:09:13
I'm going to talk about that. This is the only market update that you're going to get from me. So I'm going to take you to Bitcoin. And Bitcoin is basically, this was with that crazy Trump. I'm getting so tired. By the way, shout out, really shout out to Helena. Helena, you really are nailing it with those fits. You know what I'm always looking for? This is what I'm looking for. I'm looking for a person that follows me, that watches me. And, you know, I say a lot of things. My streams are sometimes like an hour. But, you know, in that hour, there's maybe, you know, 20 minutes. You can summarize things, 50 minutes. You can summarize some very important stuff. And, you know, you guys are very lucky to have Elena.

00:10:06
Because what Helena does, she feels me, she feels what I say, and she knows what the important stuff is. And she has me doing that from the ETH when I was calling out all shillers that were telling you to buy ETH and we were shorting it. From that, she knew exactly. You have to see it like this. She knows how. When you got, you know you got someone and there is only one point to push the finger where it hurts; she knows exactly where to put that finger, that's her talent, you know. Everyone has got his own talent, you know. We've got like I was working with Travel 11, shout out to Travel 11, and Salsa by the way. So we have been working on this crypto bot, you know.

00:10:49
Whatever this crypto bot, they're figuring some things out so people can just Because Patreon is not only robbing people with a lot of debt, a lot of taxes, a lot of crap. They're also, in some cases, they're just hiring up the fees. Well, the fees are $49, and they're hiring it up. I don't know why. And then what they did is, you know, I made this option that you guys could pay in USDT. So, what did they do? And I could give you access through this gift. And now they removed the gift. They just removed the gift. It's just like they are giving away that gift. It's mine, you freaking. So now we have this Telegram, and I want really everyone to shift over to Telegram.

00:11:29
So when your subscription ends, you just flip to Telegram. Go over there. So only the ones that don't own any crypto or don't know how to pay in crypto or whatever, you can pay with your credit card on Patreon. It will be there. But I want that really more than 90% just flips over. So shout out to Travel11. I was talking with him yesterday and I told him, listen, all this, you know, this technical stuff and, you know, this whatever with those computers, those chats, that's not my thing. That's not my thing. You know, sometimes the most simple things in life, I struggle with them. I'm good at what I do. This is what I do. You see, this is what I do. This is my thing.

00:12:21
This was my talent and everyone in this world has got his own talent, you just need to find it, but I can understand I'm lucky to own the talent that can make you the most money, so it's just, you know, I've got the talent that I can, you know, maybe I've got the best talent, you know, the most important talent, so uh. Maybe I've got that. But, you know, I'm here to share that talent with you guys. I want to share it with you. So that's what I'm doing now. So it's got to be great. It's got to be great. Just calm down. Calm down. It will all get good. All be good. All be good. All be good. We're going to talk about it. So, Bitcoin, yeah, basically, you're just watching at the screen.

00:13:13
So what do I need to say more when you look at this? Alpiman, tell me. If you look, tell me in the chat, Alpiman, don't be that guy. Just tell me in the chat, Alpiman, what do I think? What do I think, Alpiman? What do I think? If you watch this chat. Is there more I need to say about this, guys? I don't think there is anything more that I need to say about this, guys. It's, you know, I told you. So it's very simple. Pa-pam, down. Pa-pam, down. And pa-pam, and down again. Oh, no, but MW, but Trump is going to talk into the crypto service. Pa-pam, down again. It's that simple. Pa-pam, down again. Just down again, down again. So that's what's happening now. That's what we're eyeing now.

00:14:07
So, guys, actually, it's enough about this. What I'm expecting, guys, I'm expecting that crypto will still bleed. And I'm expecting that we will not get our altcoin weekend. I think that we're going to bleed more on Bitcoin. So I think that Bitcoin will come back into the 80k levels, 81, you know, 81, 80k. I think that we will travel down to these levels again. And I think that it might even happen on, where is this? Oh my God, I need to remove this. I think that we will come back to these 80k levels again, I think it might even happen in the weekend or you know the markets need to really rise up like crazy. Why not? I think that Bitcoin will go down, that's what I think.

00:15:05
So, again focus on the shorts, short the FOMO, short the bounces. Talking about the bounces, boom boom, there we are, there we are, there we're gonna talk a little bit about auction today. So, uh, talking about auction, we're gonna we're gonna guys, I want you guys all to really, really focus on what I'm gonna teach you guys today. Uh, I want you guys to listen and I want you guys to really get your notebooks out because I'm gonna talk and show you guys a lot of stuff today, very important stuff too. Also, so first of all, we're gonna watch at this this bump that we're seeing over here. So, first of all is this an all-time high? Is this on Binance by the way? Yeah, this is on Binance.

00:15:49
So, we're going into all-time high over here. We're touching the all-time high, this is the all-time high is 48 bucks, don't think that we cannot break through all-time high if there are enough shorts out there they could break it up. I will show you another chart that will show you that also, you're seeing this because I know that a lot of you guys, you don't even watch this chart, it doesn't even come up to your mind. Let me oh, you know what's going on with auction, oh well let's go! I think that most of you guys don't even watch this chart but this chart, this chart will show you if we kind of break through this yes or no, so you have to keep. An eye on this, this is very important.

00:16:36
So, this chart is showing us that Auction has got more power up, so this pump that they are pumping these Koreans-they can pump it even harder, it's possible I'm not saying they could, they will because they have to see it like this. These Koreans, they you know they they they go together, they go into you know it's like a swarm, so they go together long they go together or short. So they manipulate markets, they manipulate a lot of stuff, but you have to keep in mind that if they start dumping, they'll dump together. Also and now the thing is the momentum is now on Auction. Let me show you guys a coin that Had momentum, just like auction has now. Let me show you this.

00:17:24
I want everyone to have their notebooks ready so mark down what I'm saying so this coin had momentum, I know that you guys, you guys, you guys forget about this a lot. This is something very bad. Don't forget. Don't forget. I don't forget. You see, this coin had momentum. We shorted the crap out of it, by the way. But let me explain. While we were shorting this, maybe you started shorting it over. Let's just say you shorted it over here. Let's just say you started shorting this over here. I talked about this. I told you, listen, guys, this coin, this coin will dump very hard. This coin will probably just go down to zero. This coin, I explained to you guys in a live stream, it's like crazy. Guys, no, but MW, look, it went high. It was at resistance, and then it pumped up even more and more and more. Guys, this will not change the fact that when I say this coin is going to dump very hard, it will dump very hard. Because why? Everything is showing me that it needs to dump.

00:18:43
I'm just saying. So, over here, you don't believe that it could dump. You know why? Because over here, you started your short over here. And then you get wrecked over here because you don't know how to short. You don't know how to trade leverage. And then over here, okay, I'll try it again. Okay, you got, okay. And then over here, it goes up and then it will wreck you again. And then it goes up here and then it will wreck you again. And then you get, okay, I give up. You know what? I just give up. You know, this thing will never go down. This is how retailers think. This is also how you're thinking probably about auction now.

00:19:22
The feeling that you're having in auction is the same feeling that, people had on pi over here so the same that you're seeing now over here this thing that you're seeing now over here um so this this this feeling that you're having now over here just see you see this feeling this thing just keeps going up wait a minute so this feeling that you have over here and i'm not saying that auction is just as bad as pi by the way it's not pi is worse but It's not that auction is all what auction is. By the way, what am I doing? I'm showing you this one. So let me show you this one. So let's just say the same feeling that you're seeing over here is the same feeling that you're seeing now over here.

00:20:09
It's the same. The disbelief, this thing will never come down. This thing cannot come down. Let me tell you, it's the momentum. There is a momentum going on. So the PI had momentum. Shilling machine goes on. Marketing machine goes on. Market makers get in. Funding rates get red. Greedy shorts get liquidated. This is the momentum. If you want the definition of momentum, that's the definition of momentum. The momentum was flowing in. And when I'm saying momentum, it's not that that PI is a freaking good project because PI isn't a good project. PI is just a lot of crap. So the only thing moving this price up is the momentum. And what is the definition of momentum? The definition of momentum is VCs, market makers, shillers doing their job, sucking retailers in.

00:21:07
Also, sucking retailers in that are trying the greedy shorts, going to short this crap, and then they get hunted down and they will destroy all of you guys over here. This is how it works in crypto. These fucking, fucking VCs, market makers of PI, they know that this thing is nothing and they know that they're gonna dump all their bags of this crap. And that's what they did. And that's what they will do on almost all altcoins. That's just how it works in crypto. So even if you're not a believer, even if you're on the MWGTC side, okay, MW, after many years and a lot of money that we lost, we finally are on your side. Okay, you're right. It's not about the tech. It's not about the fundamentals.

00:22:05
It's not about it's all about money in crypto, that's what it's all about, everything else is just a lot of crap, okay, garbage. So even if you're there, even if you're there, it doesn't mean that you own the skills to fight these VCs or to make money with them or to you know have to get educated. So let me take you back by the way, uh, since we called this thing uh 70 down on a spot back, so congrats for everyone that took that and by the way, guys, same story over here, but I'll get to this in a moment, so So what we got is this. So first of all, I'm going to do something now because I can do it now because this video is not openly shared.

00:23:05
By the way, anyone that shares the link of this video will get blocked and removed forever. So please don't. You're paying money to watch these live streams. So keep them to yourself. If your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever your 'it' friend is watching with you, be my guest. Don't share it with anyone. You'll get blocked. So please just don't do it. So I asked days ago, listen, guys, what or who needs my attention? And then you got people auctioning, auctioning, auctioning, auctioning, auctioning. Everyone kept sharing auction. Why auction? What's going on with auction? Why are you guys so interested in auction? So this coin basically was not on my radar. I was, whatever. Okay, it's bumpy. Whatever. I'm focusing on Bloom, on Red, on PI, and Fartcoin, and I'm focused on a lot of other coins.

00:24:10
You know, that's where my focus is. But you guys were focused on auction. And let me tell you directly why you guys are focused on auction. Why? Because you guys are amateurs. I told you. i told you if your toes are hurting you or whatever you're sensitive or you're emotional don't watch this live stream because you're images that's why you tell me about auction but you that's why you share auction because you're images because why because what is it how do retailers do it retailers what they do is auction pump today they go to crypto bubbles or they open up whatever or their favorite crypto gurus telling them that auction pumped or they go

00:24:58
into their you know their exchange and they tap in gainers and then they see auction and the auction auction pump so this is how a retailer thinks in his mind auction pumped ah time to short it i'm gonna short it what yeah i'm gonna short it why because it bumped uh you know we had this pump up so auction made this pump up so it will probably dump What? Yes. So you're going to short something because it went up. Yes. That's not how it fucking works in crypto. It doesn't work like that in trading also because you are just like, you know, like a chicken without a head. You're just doing whatever. You're gambling with your money and you'll get wrecked.

00:25:48
So lesson number one is: When you want to short something, you have to be knowing why you're shorting it and how you're going to short it and what the reason behind it is. And if everything, if all the odds are with you and not against you, if you know how the game is played, you have to understand how to protect yourself. You have to know how to leverage. You have to be watching. Leverage training costs one, two, three. If you didn’t do that, there was, by the way. There’s something I hate. So to anyone, new viewers in here, new members in here, don’t fucking tell me what to do. So especially if you go into my fucking DM and I, you know, we came into a time that I just fucking, I hate it.

00:26:38
Just don’t DM me. Please don’t DM me. If there’s something you have to tell me, tell me on Twitter openly in one of the comments. Don’t fucking DM me. Only fucking DM me if there’s something important. If there’s not something important, don’t fucking DM me. It’s that simple. If I ask you to DM me, DM me. If I don't ask you to DM me, just don't fucking DM me. Because, you know, you got these guys that come in. Oh, W. It's like, you know, it's like we played soccer together. We know each other, whatever. I don't fucking know you. You don't fucking know me. So, W, listen. Listen, I. I subscribed, I paid 50 bucks. So give me those training course vids and give me that.

00:27:19
I give you, you know what I give you? I give you one big fuck you. That's what I'm going to fucking give you. If you have no manners, if you're not raised like you should be, if you don't know how to ask for something, go fuck yourself and fuck your fucking 50 bucks. Put those fucking 50 bucks in your ass and just get the fuck out of here. If you don't know how to fucking communicate with me. So don't fucking DM me. Yeah, give me, give me. What the fuck am I going to give you? If you think that I give a fuck about your 50 or 500 bucks or 5 ,000 or 50k, I don't give a fuck about your money or about anyone's money.

00:27:58
So when I'm working hard to help you guys, at least, at least have the fucking decency to know how to communicate with someone. So when you come in, you're a member. Listen, MW, you told us that we could get the indicator if we get into the Patreon. Yes, indeed. So can you please send us the indicator? Yes, I will for sure send you the indicator. When I own the time, when I see it, I will send you the indicator. So here you are. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Focus. And there we go. But don't think that you're freaking out 50. Okay or your 50 bucks or whatever it is that you think that

00:28:39
you can come and just demand things as if you are go fuck yourself and fuck you and fuck your money I don't give a fuck about you even if you would give me 50 million dollars I don't give a fuck if you don't know how to communicate with me go fuck yourself and fuck you and fuck all the money you own I don't give a fuck about it so that's about that so everyone anyone you're warned I warn you If you think that you can just DM me and start demanding stuff as if we are some friends, I will block your fucking ass at the same moment. And you will get your fucking money back, whatever it is, if you're new and just go fuck yourself. You're either be mannered or go fuck yourself.

00:29:29
So that's the message. So let me get back to auction. So auction. I'm going to short it because I think it might go down. That's not how it fucking works. That's not how it fucking works. A coin does not go down because you feel like it's going down because it went up. And it's for the same story, by the way, for the coins that go down. Because this is, by the way, where most retailers get fucked. Because they see, for example, let me show you. It's very important because this happens even more guys; this happens even more, so just like, let's just say this dump, this dump, this candle. This is where retailers lose most money because this thing, our auction, our bullet auction, goes to the moon, and everything, cryptos going to the moon, and then you get this dump down, boom!

00:30:24
And then you get this retailer; oh, this thing dumped so much. I've got to buy in, open up those wrongs; I'm gonna long it, and then the detector attack, boom! The next dump, liquidated. Oh, it dumped so much. This thing cannot dump more. And then boom. And then you got another dump and so on and so on. So this is how retailers lose most money. And especially in meme coins. So if I would just put on, let's say, Fartcoin. You know, Fartcoin? You got all these people that are so fucking bullish on Fartcoin. You know, they follow this. What is it? Ansem or Ansem or whatever the fuck. Name he has got over there,

00:31:03
so you know they follow them and then the fucking's going to the moon and then boom down, okay well we're gonna buy cheap now it dumped, yes boom liquidated, oh okay we're not, we're not, we're not testing this one, so let's go, let's buy in, boom liquidated again, boom liquidated again, boom, and so on and so on and so on, the price just keeps going down, so this is the same up it's the same guys, this is the same guy, so don't think that if this thing went up over here, oh yeah well it might dump down, let's go short, why not, that's not how it works, so that's number one, number two, this is by the way, especially for the GTC traders, so the ones that are in the with the team, listen guys, when the team shares with you, you know they gave me permission to explain this to you because they were getting a little bit annoyed also.

00:32:03
Not from their own members, by the way, but from the feed on my ex. So what happened is, I think they gave their first call in their group because GainTrader gave this in their paid group. They gave this call to their members. So what they did was they gave this call. They gave the call over, I think it was something like this. So they gave the call over here. And then this thing dumped down. So they made money. Boom, boom, they made money. They made a lot of money on this dump because they nailed this target. They made a lot of money over here. What they did was, while they shared this target, they shared also another target. So salute to Gain Trading Crypt. You guys are really blowing my mind lately.

00:32:53
They are really, you know, people just need to understand what those freaks are doing. So what they did while they shared this target, they shared another target. They shared this target. This is what they did. Yeah, you know, now when I'm putting on these lines, it looks pretty, it looks super, super crazy because you would think, oh, what the fuck? Do these guys have some kind of, do they got some kind of crystal ball or whatever? No, they're just traders. So they gave discourse. They made money over here and they also instructed because this is the thing that when I'm losing it because there was one member from them that DM'd me, it's also the reason why I'm doing this by the way because of this member, there's one member particularly from them, listen just listen so while this thing was going down, they gave you the instruction to liquidate

00:33:50
25 or 30 percent of your position and then they did it again if I'm not mistaken I could be mistaken but I think they did it again, so I think that they gave you two times to liquidate 50 to 60 percent of your position, profits deep profits big profits over here, so then you are educated when you are in their group, you get the trading course, so you know that green never ever ever ever, ever Ever turns into red. So, what you do, they don't need to hold your fucking hand. You can put on a stop loss in profits. So, because why you will never let green turn into red. So either way you're going to take, because this thing went up or maybe above the indicator under one hour or under 15 minutes, whatever it is you want, you just put your stop loss in there.

00:34:39
You get hit and then you take all the profits. So you made a very good trade over here. So you made a good trade over here. You made money. You made money. So then. This thing went up again so when this thing went up again, I think by this time they did not update you if they wanted to get in again, they would tell you that they were gonna in so they're now eyeing this target; this is what they do, this is their target, so they got hit on this target and they made money again, they made money again. I know that they refused to take profits but at some point they took profits and we're going to talk about these profit levels by the way in a moment, so They took profits.

00:35:17
They instructed you to take profits again. So again, you made money over here. So you didn't lose a penny on this trade. You can only lose money on this trade if you're not doing as they are telling you to do. Because, you know, I'm not saying that anyone is blaming them or whatever, but I'm seeing in my feed that people are bleeding. How is it possible that you're bleeding? How? So we're going to talk about the other group in a moment, the MW, the MW. I'm not talking about the gain trading group. So they instructed you, again, take the damn profits. And over here, while we went up, so not over here. I'm not talking about over here. Over here is when you get stop loss.

00:36:00
So over here, you're just out of the car, especially with the funding rates being super red. Over here, you're out. They are not out. They are chase trading the crap out of this. But they go in and out. They take profits, go in and out, fill up. And this is how they higher up their average. They will kill this coin. You know, let me go back. Let me go back where we started. They will kill this coin. You see this? They will destroy this coin. If it will take one day, two days, a week, two weeks, three weeks, a month. They will destroy this coin. Let that be clear. They will chase this thing to death. That's what they're going to do. That's what they're going to do.

00:36:50
But you have to understand that there is a big possibility that if the BTC pair goes up even more, that this thing probably might break up even more. But they are prepared for this. Keep prepared, you know their average entry now is 47; so they took profits over here and over here, and now their average entry is 46 or 47. These guys are just they're just starting. You know while you're telling me, 'Oh, I'm right.' How is it possible that you got them right? How did you get where what made you get right? So, okay, so this was for the gain trading group, by the way. By the way, this thing is really; those Koreans are really ramping this thing up. And the reason why they're ramping it up, they're getting the power from over here, guys.

00:37:41
This is why they're getting the power from. So it's not as if they're opening much more longs or they're liquidating or whatever. It's just this, they're flipping. So the VCs, what they're doing is they're flipping their Bitcoin into this auction. That's what is pushing auction up. So the game is played over here. This is where the game is played. They're pushing, they're flipping their Bitcoin into auction. And that's what's pushing auction up more and more and more. And it could even make all-time high. Because if this thing would be over here, over here, over here, then I would say, okay, maybe this is the end of the rise. But, you know, look where it

00:38:24
is. auction is already at all-time high almost and look we didn't even reach the resistance level so this shows me that there is more upside possible for auction as long as those funding rates keep going red but that's you know that's what they want that's what gain trading quip wants they want them to pump it even up more because they are chasing it and every time when they take a breather This is how it works. When they take a breather, let me put this over here, by the way. This is all-time high. All-time high is around. We didn't touch it yet. So 49. So every time when they take a breather, let me show you this. So like this breather, they liquidate.

00:39:08
I understand the question when you tell me, but how do they know this? They went in over here, dump. They went in over here, dump. How do they know this? That's just what they do. That's just experience and analyze. And maybe they nailed it this time. Maybe they'll get it wrong next time. So don't only focus on when they get it right. They could get it wrong also. But, you know, even if they would get it wrong, they are prepared for it. They know how to tackle it. So now we're going to talk about the next thing because I don't have a lot of time. So we're going to talk about the MW. MW, not about. So let me talk about MW. First of all, MW, you have to put it on.

00:39:53
Let me first of all start with the 4-hour. This is MW style. This is MW. This is MW. This is MW. So first of all, what I shared with you is this. So we had number one over here, and we had number two over here. So let me push it this way, and then I can show you better. So we had over here. This was the breakout. So, and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Then this was the first test on the four hour. Okay. Then went up and then this was test number two. So number two. So now we didn't get to test number three, but you know, that's just a matter of time. So this is for me, the reason why I say, okay, this is a chase rate.

00:40:41
This is a chase rate. This is a chase rate, but you have to know how to chase rate. So you can thank Alpiman. And you can thank Janice over here that you still are not getting the Chase Trading Course with 4. 0. You can thank them, those two. Those two, you can thank them. Tell them thank you. Thank you, Alpiman. Thank you, Janice, for not getting us the Trading Course with 4. 0. Thank them. Guys, thank them, please. In the chat, you can thank Alpiman. You can thank Janice. You can thank them both. They are the reason why a Trading Course with 4. 0 is not out yet. So listen. You got over here,

00:41:17
so you got you got you got you got over here, this touch this touch there will be a third touch but you have to keep in mind that this thing also keeps creeping up, okay, so this is number one, so this thing is bullish as that's like you're seeing over here, this is a book, so when you share with me auction auction mw auction auction auction auction is bullish, guys, that's what auction is, auction is super bullish. So let me go to the one hour. One hour is more interesting. The one hour is much more interesting. So now I'm going to show you guys, come on, indicator, come, where's my indicator? There it is. So over here, we got, over here, there's four more going on. Okay, back, back, below, below, below.

00:42:03
Boom, up. So suppose that you went into a short over here, guys. You went into a short over here. Very great short, in my opinion. Great short if you opened it over here. Boom, another test, boom, down. This is where you take, or you take profits over here. If you're satisfied, you take out 20%, 30%, 40%, but over here, you just get out. It's that simple. You just get out. And especially if you see, because I even tweeted about it, especially if you see that funding rates are getting red, super red, because at some point it was like 0. 5 and then. The predicted one was 1 . 5, 1 . 7. Okay, when you see things like that, just get out! Get out!

00:42:48
Or if you are in a chase trade, decrease, decrease, decrease, decrease your position to buy much higher to add to your position. So that was going on over here. That's what happened over here. Exactly that is what happened over here. Funding rates I even shared and tweeted about it. Listen, guys, funny words-I don't know if it was over here or it was over there, but either way, funny ways of flipping super red. Be very careful, so over here we got this up, and then you know this is where the wheels take over, boom, boom, boom, boom! And let me tell you, if you're Chase trading this, I will buy in over here, I'll open up shorts over here, and over here, short, short, short. When it comes back to the indie, I take profits now.

00:43:40
Listen again, notebook: I take profits-you don't have to ask anyone. Oh my god, Detroit is going against me in a Chase, oh lord, what to do? Don't, don't ask anyone-you got that indicating in front of your face, that's your best friend. This is your best friend-don't go ask anyone because nobody will give you the answer that you're looking for. Don't ask fucking nobody what to do. The indicator, that is your fucking friend. He will help you. He will guide you through this. He's the one. He's your fucking best friend. He's the one that will show you the way. Nobody else. Not even M. Willkiller. Because when M. Willkiller is off the charts, he cannot help you. So the indicator, that's all you need. So if you are, when it comes down, oh, wait a minute.

00:44:32
Let me see. Especially when it comes into the indicator. Oh, wait a minute. Let me check the funding rates. Oh, the funding rates are still super red. Oh, just decrease your fucking position. You decrease it because most of the time you can, and by the way, guys, you can also just reverse button, just long the crap out of it. So that's, I've talked about it, but that's another style. So I'm just now focusing on people that are Chase shorting. So over here. Is when you decrease your amount, it goes up; you start slowly adding to your position again. If you if you if you just went out to 50 percent or 75 percent over here, you start like five percent, okay, another five percent, and you're hiring up your average entry like this, you know, up and then, okay, okay, up and then, okay, okay, up and so on and so on.

00:45:27
Same story over here, over there; if you so same story over here over if you so if you filled up, if you filled up over here, if you filled up in this range over here, over there is where you take profits because it's testing again. So, again, do you think it's a coincidence that when this thing gets into this indicator that it bounces up from it?

00:46:03
It's not! It's not, it's not. And then you get that greed inside of you. Yeah, but what if, just what if we're going to get this candle? I'm already in a lot of losses. So, you know, when it comes into the indicator, I just hope that it will make a candle like this. And then it maybe even dumps even more. When you think like that, it means that you are emotional. It means that you are not made for trading. It means that you'll get wrecked. It means that you're going to lose money. It means you shouldn't be trading anyway. So, this is number one. So this is actually number one. So now comes the most important part because this is the technical part and this is how you should trade this.

00:46:43
Now you should just drive this thing and just follow it up. Okay? Because I know that the team is now following up and they are just, the higher it goes, the more they're adding to their position. And the higher the average entry is. Because, again, let me remind you. Remember? I need to show you guys this now every freaking time. Look, I need to remember. Because now, especially if you are in this position, you just don't believe. You just think, oh, no, no. This thing will go to the morning. Did we just make a new high? Yeah, we made a new all-time high, auction. So congrats to auction, new all-time high auction. So I know people, oh, MW, this thing, this thing, this thing, this thing will go to, you know, this thing is going to $1,000.

00:47:31
Yes! No, this thing, this thing, I know. Why is it going to, you know, why? Because I was in the short. And so what? Yeah, I got wrecked. So what does that mean? This thing will never come down. Why? Because, you know, MW, I've been watching this coin and it has got like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. It's like 14 days or whatever. This thing is going to the moon. This thing is not going to dump. Bro, if Tesla can dump, this f***ing scam coin can also dump. Keep that in your mind. Always think like this. So whenever someone is telling you about any altcoin that couldn't dump, tell them this. Listen, if Tesla can dump, if Meta can dump, if Apple can dump, if Nvidia can dump, why would Auction not dump?

00:48:31
Always use this. Use what I just said. So, no matter where you are, you see something like, it cannot dump, it cannot dump, it's going to the moon. If Tesla can dump, This f***ing scam. I don't even know what the f*** Auction is, by the way. To be honest, I don't even give a f*** about what it is. The only thing that I'm telling you is that the team, they're now starting to DC. They already started over here. They made profits. So they're in profits. And they took another profit. And now they're going for the third round. That's what they're doing now. But now comes the most important part because we're running out of time. Most important part. Most important, most important. It's the size.

00:49:15
It's the fucking size. It's the fucking size. The size of your position. It's all about the size of your position. Because it's the greed, greed, and size. So fucking write this down. Size, greed. Because greed and size, they go together. It's the same thing. Greed and size. The problem with fucking retailers is they over, oversize themselves. So when they got a fucking portfolio of, let me say, they've got, you know, The thing that amazes me is if you took the plume trade or you took the – so if you are running in big gains, those big gains, you forget about them. They're not important. Nobody says something about them. You know, I made 800%. I made 1,200%. But, you know, who gives a fuck? I'm bleeding.

00:50:00
Well, how are you bleeding? But even if you are – even if you fucked it up and you're in auction short and you're losing money. But your other position is printing money. So you should be at break-even. But that's not the feeling that I'm getting on Twitter. I'm getting the feeling like, oh, my God, wait a minute. These guys are losing money. How is this possible? How the fuck is it possible that you're losing money? I'm going to tell you why. Because why? Because you have seen this coin going up. And what you're saying is, oh, it must come down. Why? That's the amateurs. That's the fucking amateurs think like this. That's not how you do it. So the size, guys. Size.

00:50:41
Size size size and greed, greed, this is your biggest enemy training; I know for one million percent sure that every freaking one of you in this chat, in this live stream, that is watching this, every one of you: if any one of you would know how to control his or her greed, I know that every freaking one of you. I will train you, I will get you the skills to get financially independent, to make sick money. But you have to control your fucking greed. I cannot come to you, hold you by the throat and tell you, 'just fucking, just fucking, fucking kill the fucking greed.' Don't be fucking greedy. So, I think this is about the worst live scene that I did ever.

00:51:27
So, if you have a portfolio of for example 10k yes 10k okay so we already have like two three positions running in profits when you go into the auction trade make sure that your position is just as big as the positions that you are already running. And especially just like I'm teaching you how to take profits up in the chase trading, when you're chase trading, you decrease, you decrease, you decrease. If the indicator is showing you upside momentum, if the funding rates are showing you upside momentum, don't let the greed get to you. Just decrease the fucking money. When you see the other positions in short that are bouncing up into resistance just to do like this. Here, you don't have to decrease. You can even increase your positions. It works.

00:52:25
That's how it works. So you're in profits. Increase it. Don't be fucking afraid. Don't fear the markets. Just increase your position. Why? Because the indicator is showing you that. The odds are showing you that. The funding rates are showing you that. MW is showing you that. You know, the fundamentals are showing you that. The tokenomics are showing you that. Everything is showing you that. The momentum is showing you that, the most important part. You could even increase it. Just increase the fuck out of it. Just follow the momentum. And this thing, like auction, is finding momentum up. You just fucking decrease it. Over here, you fill up again. So do you really think that the team is running in huge gains on the trades that they share?

00:53:07
Because they share more trades that are all printing like crazy. So for them, they don't give a fuck about this auction. Actually, they're also making money on it and they'll just chase trade it even if it would go to 50 or 55, 56 so that's it. This is number so the size make sure that your size is the same and if you are chase trading, chase trade with low amounts, that's number two. I already said this in leverage trading course number one, so you all should know this already, aren't you just fucking so? Let's say that you let's just say you started at 30 bucks, chase trading this. I don't know why you would do this, but let's just say you did it. And the price shoots up.

00:53:51
You should over here, increase, decrease, increase, increase, increase. That's how chase trading does. So by the time that this thing is at 40 bucks, your entry should be at 35. And for sure, maybe on this, to get this done, maybe you took some small losses. On the you know sometimes the price goes too much up and then it comes down to the indicator and you're still you're still in losses well so be it take that small loss just take it let's take the damn loss so over here 40 and then over here you do it again and that's how you chase straight this thing. But now comes the most important part if you entered at 30 your liquidation level should be at least at least

00:54:42
180, 150, 120 at least so over here should be your liquidation level and based on the messages that I've been seeing on Twitter and I really have no clue where they came from but I saw some people panicking, oh auction is going up so it's not only about it's not about that your liquidation level should be at 120. It's also the fact that you oversized yourself because when you start saying like, it means that you oversized yourself. You have to see it like this, guys. Trading crypto, especially leverage trading, especially when you are like surrounded by scammers, VCs, market makers, shillers, whatever, they're all hunting you down. That's what they do. Trading leverage in crypto is not about the sprints. It's not about making the money in very, very fast.

00:55:50
How it works is it works like you have to survive. You have to survive. You never get liquidated. And you trade based on what you're seeing, just like I'm educating you guys step by step. So, for example, you got a 10K portfolio. When you got a 10K, I know that in your minds. What happens in your mind is when you see all those, you know, all those, all those posts on Twitter. Oh, I made $50K. I made $100K. I became a millionaire. I've got, you know, I bought myself a Lamborghini. I bought myself this. This is how retailers think. Oh, I'm going to get rich. Oh, fuck that shit. That's the shit that will get you liquidated and lose a lot of money. It's not about that.

00:56:35
That's not what it's all about. fuck that shit so if you got a portfolio of 10k what you're gonna do is you always control your greed you take 70 bucks profits 80 bucks profits 100 bucks profits 200 bucks profits sometimes you hit the jackpot you make maybe 1k profits i don't care and then again 40 bucks 70 bucks 50 bucks $40. And sometimes, like when you're chase trading and the price moves up too fast, you can take a loss, a small loss, when you decrease your position. You take a loss of $30. You take a loss of $40, $50. This happens maybe 10% or 20%, often 100%. Whereas most of the times, you'll get it right.

00:57:23
And also, over here, when you're chase trading, when you take those losses, it's just an investment. You have to see it like I'm investing money over here. I'm in the red. I don't care. It's an investment. It's just like when a price goes down and you're DCA buying in down. So when we go up, that's why you're going to take the profits. In Chase Trading, it's the same story. But you have to not over-size your fucking self. You have to have the feeling of, I hope that it goes up more. You know, auction, where are you? What is it? 48? I want you to go to 60. Because why? I want to hire up my. Average entry so I will strike you hard so when you dump down to the 30 bucks I'm gonna make changing so again, you can thank Janice and Alpiman for trading course four-bit-four chase trading for not releasing it; thank them again.

00:58:21
I want to thank you all for watching um I want to apologize if someone is feeling I have to do this I have to be I have to be hard I have to be straight. I have to, you know, I have to do this. It's the only way to get through your minds. It's the only way to show you guys, you know, I can predict all the markets. I can predict when Bitcoin goes up. I can predict on daily basis how Bitcoin goes down. I can predict how the markets work. I can predict where the markets go. But if you guys are controlled by greed, you will still lose money. You will still lose money. Because at some point, the greed will get into you. When the greed will get into you, you'll start making mistakes. And that's how you lose money. So I love you all. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. And well, until the next one. And bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 03-22-2025 I am still SHORTING all fomo Altcoins !! *** 

00:00:03
welcome welcome welcome mw and welcome again trading crypto welcome retail fan welcome so an unexpected live stream today i told you guys when i feel like you know we got like three live streams a week scheduled and uh you know when i feel like doing one i just do it it's just that simple that simple it's that simple that simple so before we're gonna start i want to say something because you know i don't want to keep blocking people probably there are people in this live stream that are blocked on onyx because they just don't listen so i'm gonna start with this before i'm gonna block more people listen if you join the patreon Or, you join with the crypto bot.

00:00:52
So first of all, if you are in a Patreon, I suggest if you don't want to pay the taxes or fees, whatever, next month you can take a subscription to watch the live stream, sort of quarterly or six months or yearly, whatever it is you want, use the damn crypto bot; it's much easier. So, that's number one. Number two, the ones that have become a member, subscribed for the live streams and the allocation of it, you will get the indicator this month, and then it's over for this month. Sounds like a week now, so what does that mean? You just DM me your subscription if it's on Telegram or it's on Patreon; doesn't matter there's A screenshot listen to me here I am, this is me, this is the tier that I took and just DM me now, instruct you to DM me on Telegram so if you don't want to waste time just DM me on Telegram and I will give you the indicator, it's that simple.

00:02:00
So what happens next is then you got these people yeah well uh where are my trading course rates, it's almost like who told you anything about trading course rates, people they just assume so they you know they pay this couple of bucks and they think that they are you know they are the kings of the world. Give us this, give us that, give us this, give us that. The only thing that I'm going to give you is a block. So, be prepared for that. If you don't want to listen, you'll keep wasting my time and your own time also. Keep DMing me this bullshit about trading course rates. If you want, so if you are in this live stream, there is a description on this YouTube live stream.

00:02:54
It's explained in details how to get access to a leveraged trading course. So I'm going to repeat myself. Again, if you want the trading course vids, you have to be trading on Binance, Orbitunex. The links are in the description below. Open up an account, start trading, active trading. When you reach the 100k trading volume, so it doesn't mean that you have to deposit 100K or trade with one. No. You can make a 100K trading volume with 500 bucks if you want. When you reach the 100K, just DM me, listen, and W. I reached the 100K trading volume. This is my UID. Thank you so much. What happened next is you're going to get access to a free private group and you'll get access to all those trading course feeds. And that's it.

00:03:56
That's it. That simple. So please stop. Stop sending me those DMs. Oh, I want this. I want that. I want this. Yes. You know, I want to go to the moon. I'm looking for a rocket and I want to go to the moon. So if someone has got a rocket or something. So what do I got over here? So what do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? Egon in the house, Fastlane, Gab, Alpiman. What is Mignon? What is Mignon? Who is Mignon? And Janus. I think that Janus is drunk. Weekends are the best. I know, Janus, you focus. Oh, Alpiman is also in the drinks. Hey, you junkies. These two junkies over here. A death break for Mark.

00:04:52
We got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? We got Mark, we got Walid, we got Zeeshan, we got Andrea, we got Pip, we got Matija, Medic, Kirk, Lamia. Lamia is in the house. Michael Vorba. Michael Vorba from the Czech Republic. Scary picture that is. He looked like some sucker, some football player. How do I say soccer, by the way? It's Americans who say soccer. Why do I say soccer? It sucks to say soccer. I hate it when they say football. You look like a football defender, Michael Vorba. Michael Vorba! Michael Vorba! Yes! He's saved. So we got Zupac. We got Freedom. Avalina Mario, the duck, is in the house. We got Lazy Bear.

00:05:49
We got Xoxo2. Okay, Xoxo2. Hello, hello. What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? We got, hello, everyone, SS. Isn't it Dutch? No, it isn't, you moron. This dad is crazy, this guy, really. No, I'm a racing driver. Oh, you're a racing driver. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Impressive, impressive, impressive. Let me go back so Michael Volmar is a racing driver okay, well you know, you look like that Russian guy from Rocky Ford but then in a little bit, a smaller version, you got the same haircut, scary, you know, just joking, okay, okay, okay. So what do we got? What do we got Evelina Mario, The Dark is in the house from Dubai, welcome, welcome, not a lot of you guys here, okay, well it doesn't matter even if you're like two of you.

00:06:52
So, so, Jewel is from Indonesia, okay, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, nice, nice, nice, I love Indonesia. So we're seeing what am I seeing? I'm looking at my screen with the bubbles all green, nice, nice, and ramps up as expected; the markets closed with a bounce. So we're going to talk about those in a moment. Now, maybe now, let's, let's just go in guys. Let's just go in. Let's just go with what to expect, what to expect, what to expect. So basically what we're seeing over here, what we're seeing over here is first of all, we've seen this VIX. You know, I've talked about this VIX already; you know, you know, short of VIX, you know, there's a big group in the United States, short of VIX, you know, this.

00:07:47
This are these guys the shoulders you know this you know these Beverly Hills uh these Beverly Hills uh people you know oh drive all those fancy cars you know that is very Daddy daddy daddy has been holding his stocks from 1983 yes Daddy has been holding the S&P yes And you know, we are just millionaires now. Yes, yes. Your daddy did very good. Your daddy was smart enough to buy those stocks and hold them. So, congrats to you. And Daddy bought me a car yesterday so Michael Vorba can race it for me. Yes, I'm going to sit right next to Vorba and he's going to race me my race car. Okay. Okay, stop it, MW. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. So what are we gonna do guys?

00:08:43
So basically, they're shorting the the weeks and they are doing a great job at it. So yeah, but to say it's not as if we are at some support levels or whatever so this; so we gotta connect some dots, guys. So I'm gonna take you with me connecting some dots. So I'm just gonna think out loud with you guys. Take you through a little bit of analysis, so over here it's looking bearish, it's looking horrible to be honest; this is just looking horrible, so this is just below it and below it looks like uh they're gonna dump this fix more than we could go to the weekly as you guys can see over here is where we can get some support.

00:09:27
But let me just say that the VIX doesn't react a lot or is very sensitive to the MW indicator, so that's something you really have to keep in mind. So this is uh this is uh this is the spoiler so for now this is just you know we have this yeah just imagine yourself just imagine yourself longing the U. Markets here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, in the past years, just three four years could have made a lot of money, could have made so much money. So that's that, then I want to show you guys this one. You know, weekends are always for macro, for the by the way, guys, for the ones that are new here, in the weekends we just do macro analyzes and these macro analyzes they're sick.

00:10:33
So just, just, just, just, just focus over here. So we've got PaxGPTC. So for the ones that are also new in here, PaxGPTC is something that, you know, crypto people that are related to crypto, what they do in the weekends, in the weekends, they like to flip gold into Bitcoin and vice versa. So that's what you're seeing over here. So if this thing goes up, it means that people are flipping the. Their bitcoin into gold, if this thing goes down, it means that uh people are flipping gold into bitcoin, so in the weekends we might, you know, but you know. Let me just say this guy's um they're planning on opening up the 24 hours on the markets those are just because someone isn't MW but they kind of oh yeah but 24 hours is only from Monday to Friday it's not in the weekend so Pex G will stay super valid.

00:11:29
But let me scare you a little bit. I want to scare you guys sometimes I want to scare you guys just a little bit, a little bit. I want to scare you guys, look where we are, Look where we are, look where we are. And I'm gonna repeat myself so you guys understand: if this thing goes up, Bitcoin goes down, I'm just saying. Look at it. Look where we are, I'm not saying that we you know this is not the same like we're charting something this you know to hit this level uh I think that bitcoin would be at maybe 5k or something so I'm not saying you know you know I you know I'm pretty realistic but not this realistic you know I'm not saying that we could reach those levels you know that would be madness in my opinion, but I'm just let me show you this.

00:12:32
So the previous stop, let's get the previous stop this is something we can charge so this previous stop over here when was this uh this was uh the 2nd of January, 2023? Are you seeing this guys it was over here oh oh over here, 2nd of January, so this was this was when we were over here. See this, this this one. Let me put it live: 2nd of January, 2002. So when this thing came down, this One up, so is it realistic to say or to think that this might just hit one of those levels over here because this is by the way pretty irresistible. Look where we are, we are in the middle-we're not over here, nor are we over here. Meaning,

00:14:01
this is probably when we're gonna buy in very heavy crypto. At least, that's what I would do; would you guys do the same? I don't know; I hope so, you know. You see, we already bought over there by the way, but this is where you could buy pretty big over here-and that's only this one, by the way. I'm just saying: be very careful, you know. It's just this one; it's just this one. You could also get this... uh, you can. Do this amateurs' trend lines, oh you know what, oh oh we broke out, oh we're so bearish, oh we go we go, oh we're gonna dump, we're gonna dump very hard because this is actually a breakout that we're seeing; it even does something like this.

00:14:58
You can make it like this, I think, this are you seeing this? Janice are you seeing this? So you could see this as, oh wait a minute, we're breaking out; we just broke out over here, oh wait, this was the breakout, this was the retest and then boom! And put it on daily. Look at it. What's the Indy doing? Oh, look at this. Nice. So the Indy is also, you know, pushing over here. I don't know, 12 hours looking. It's holding, holding. On a 4-hour. On a 4-hour, it's a mess. So this is basically, we're holding up. So, you see this? This level so the top of this level was 13 of April and then we got this one We got it. We gotta look where we work.

00:16:05
So if you want to measure it a bit, you know I'm gonna measure a little bit So we got 13 of April and August and 5th or 5th of August. I remember this day very good I think most of you guys remember this day. This was that you know when we capitulate it's really really heavy on altcoins so we got the 5th of uh let me go uh the 5th of august 5th of august what is it 5th of august so we got the 5th of august

00:16:49
It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Where are you? It's so bad. So that's the 5th of August. Let's see. What's this? This was the 5th of August 24. Oh my God. I need to go to 24. What am I doing? What am I doing? This is 23. I need to go to 24, 5th of August. This is the one. Then we got another one was, what was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? It was 8th of April. Okay. 8th of April. You probably think to yourself, oh, what is MW doing here? Why is he doing this? This is why you can make life-changing money. If you understand what I'm doing here, this is how you make life-changing money.

00:17:48
This is how you go in very big. You have to calculate things. You have to analyze things. You have to check where are we, what are we doing. So these are the levels that we hit. So let me point out the levels that we hit. It was over here, 53,000. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So, let me just uh make this like this with this one. Are you seeing this? Guys are you seeing this? You know my levels are a bit higher; these are my levels. You want to see them? See these are my levels and uh, this is my really capitulation level. But over here, if you're going to measure it with this one 65), oh, it's a 65! So my levels aren't at the 65; I'm higher.

00:18:50
You know I'm pretty optimistic about bitcoin based on my analysis. You know I'm very bullish on bitcoin based on uh, this so because if you're gonna see this so, so taxi if taxi by any means would you know would come into this zone over here? The PEX will continue, this will continue to be painful; we'll hit this zone over here and then down. But so, if it would hit that zone boom), then uh, this will also hit. So the 65, between the 65 and 53. So the deeper this one goes, so suppose that we'll just touch it on the nose over here; we'll probably hit the 65, maybe 60. But if we go into the red, then we might... What is this? Bullish, bullish, bullish. So we might hit this one.

00:20:02
Yes, so on the nose. We go okay so well, well, so what, what did we just learn from this? What did we just learn from this? We learned that we uh have to put our alarms over here so if you know whatever happens if this thing ramps up, this if when these alarms go off it means that you have to deploy money, yeah I know it's crazy I don't know I'm also I know I'm crazy so you don't have to analyze a lot of you know a lot of markers you don't have to analyze this and that or so what did you just learn now so you don't have to focus on whatever no just forget about some keep it simple you want to keep it simple because you want you just you just you just you just want want the simple You just put your alarm over here.

00:21:02
So let's say from over here, from 43 to 49. You put your alarms over here. When you see those get hit, you start deploying. And I don't care what you want to deploy. You can buy meme coins. You can buy Ethereum. You can buy Bitcoin. You can buy XRP. You can buy Solana. You can buy Sui. You can buy Fiji. Whatever it is you want to buy. I don't care. But when those alarms go off, you have to focus. So this was the educational part for today. That was it. That's it. Not going to do any more today. I need to give you guys a lot more streams are coming. Every time, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit. By the way, you could also put your alarm over here.

00:21:56
Why am I saying this? Because if this thing goes up, it means if you aren't any longs or you're holding any bags that you bought on the previous dump, it's time to take profits. And if you're on any long, it's time to take profits, maybe even exit. Evelina, it's very simple. If this chart goes up, Bitcoin goes down. If this chart goes down, Bitcoin goes up. It's that simple. It's, you know, it's that simple. Okay, auction. Boom, boom. Oh, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction. We're going back to auction, guys. And why am I going back to auction? Because I think that auction is a great training, training, training example. Because if I can teach you guys, you know, the worst part, the worst thing, the biggest manipulation, the biggest scams, the biggest whatever, this is the best I can give you.

00:23:11
And I don't know if John is in this. No, John is not in the stream, but John already ripped it. So what happened? What happened after the stream yesterday? So after the stream, what happened is, first of all, if you guys remember, It was like two, three days ago, I don't know, maybe four days ago. I shadowed your chart with one, two. This was the one, two. One, two. One hit up. Then I told you the three is coming. It's just a matter of time. But the three is coming. So while this corner is over here or here even goes over there, it doesn't matter. Number three is coming. And you know. It came. It came. Hooray. Hooray. What a surprise. What a surprise. It came. Yes, yes, yes, it came.

00:24:03
So this spy car, by the way, some people have been making sick money on this one. They have been putting their sell orders over there, their short orders over there. And some, a few that don't listen to me. And that even after my trading course yesterday, that also didn't control their greed and they didn't, they oversaw themselves. Some, two of them I've seen them have been liquidated on this spike up. Two in total. That I know of. So, this is the danger of leverage trading. If you don't know what you're doing, they will wreck you. It's that simple. If you don't know how to leverage trade, they will wreck you. It's that simple. If you did not watch my leverage trading course videos, just don't leverage trade. Stop whatever it is you're doing.

00:25:16
Don't leverage trade. It's that simple. Use the indicator. Train yourself. Go in small. Trade Bitcoin, for example, trade Ethereum. Don't trade these altcoins, especially below 500 million. Don't trade this. These are too dangerous for people that are not experienced. So when you finish that part, that's when you come back to me. That's when you get access to the leverage trading course feeds. And that's when you're ready because you'll never get liquidated if you watch my leverage trading course. That's just what we do. We don't have liquidity. Look at this nasty candle. This was a nasty candle. It is so bad. It is so bad. It is so bad. But look at the dump after it. Are you seeing this? 37% dump after it. So after they hunted down Osiris, they dropped the price by almost 40%.

00:26:20
Almost 40% dump. Listen, guys, 40% dump is really huge. And we've all seen the P & L's from the retail firm. And then you got this, you know, there was one cockroach in the middle of them. These cockroaches are really silly. You know, these same retailers, what they did was, from the retail firm members, they shared their red P & L's. So when they were like three, four, five, 600% in red. And they shared when they were like three, four, five, 600% in green. They shared both. So this reading firm members, they are trained. They are trained to do whatever it is they do. They know what they're doing. So they don't get liquidated because they've been trained. And then you got this cockroach coming between them. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

00:27:15
How many times did you get liquidated before you made this wimpy note? This is the average mindset, the average IQ of retailers in crypto. And these are just even big people. And this is how stupid they are. I'm not going to swear today. Don't. Today is not a swear word. So these people, look how stupid they are. These people are so stupid you cannot imagine. They have no clue what they're doing. That's not how we do things. We do things the professional way, the safe capital way. We know what we're doing. We know when to, you know, there was someone that asked me also, listen, MW, you know, you made a lot of these trading course vids. Can you make another one?

00:28:12
Can you make one where you explain us how much you add to the position and when you add and when you don't add and et cetera, et cetera. I told him, yes, I can make that for you. I already made it. I told him you have to go into the live chat when I do the stream and you have to thank Janice and Alpiman. Let me point them out for you. These two. You have to thank this one, this one, especially this one. So this is the biggest. This is the biggest one. So this, you have to thank him. And then you got that other one, Janice. So you have to thank these two guys. They are the reasons why I'm not releasing that vid.

00:28:54
So if you're losing any money or whatever, you can get your money from this guy, Alpiman. And the other guy is Janice. So you can get your money from those two. Because these two jokers, they were making fun of me while I was trying. And working very hard to release that vid and they were making fun of me by you know you know the same same like you know those guys that are making always fun about when Ethel hit 10k, you see you see Vitalik and you know very old so it was the same style of joke that they made about me, you know I hoped, I hope to survive beer and the pins to watch that vid until it gets released.

00:29:39
Well, when I saw that they're making fun of me, okay, I'm working my butt off over here to get you guys that trading course vid and you guys are making fun of me instead of helping me or making fun of me, okay fine, I will not release it and I will name you guys for weeks, months, years, I don't care. Every time when someone asks me MW how does it work this leverage trading chase trading whatever, You can thank Alpiman over here and Janus for not releasing them. It's that simple. So thank you again, Alpiman. Shout out to these two guys. Shout out to these two guys. Keep thanking them for ruining it for the rest of the Rito fam. For being, you know, Alpiman, I think maybe he was drunk.

00:30:24
He thought to himself, let's make a joke. Well, bad joke, bad joke, bro, bad joke. So, auction so uh over here for the for the Chase Traders congrats that all made the money over here uh don't listen to these cockroaches, cockroaches, they you know these amateurs it's just ridiculous, they're just amateurs. So we got number three so now why not number four, why not number four? I can tell you that the team is going bigger this time, I've said it, the team took I think they even you know into perfection by the way, they took over here they shared it in their group by the way, I think they took out 75% of that position. I think they took out even more on the bounce over here.

00:31:08
But they're already in, they're already in, they're already back in DCA. So this fourth will be bigger, it will be bigger, so this position will be bigger. So let's see how the Indy will go up also, and let's see how they will manage to get into this. Pink zone and then the red zone, so let's see if they can break through this uh, keep in mind that this is this is pretty hard resistance over here. This one, 72-73 bucks, and by the way, I wanted to say something uh, you know a correction from my side on my side, so my mistake. We are not at all-time high levels with auction because you know auction is an old dog and I'm using the Binance chart. But let me show you this.

00:31:53
Look at this, look at this! I was checking this yesterday and I saw this. So my mistake, I'm sorry, forgive me. But on Maxi, we have more history. Look at this, remove this, look at this! See this on maxi? The price spiked even higher and we got this high so we made we made a high based on this high over here, but this one so... I don't know, but you know, we can check it, we can check it on over here. What is the all-time high on what is the all-time high on this thing? It doesn't really Matter also, but you know, just why not let's check it? What was the ultimate oh? By the way, the volume is increasing, oh these Koreans are crazy! The volume is buying our $1.

00:32:50
4 billion on Coin Market Cap. Let me see how it's on. Let me see how it's on. Sorry. The volume is really madness. Let me see how it's on. Sorry. But at this point, the team doesn't care anymore. Red funding rates, volume, they don't care. At some point, they don't care anymore because they just, they know what they're doing. They went in so deep. It's now just time to put those big. Bands on don't do what they do by the way guys these guys are professional traders don't just follow them just blindly but let me see yeah here it's one billion showing but one bill but you know the the thing is with this auction coin that the market gap is pretty low so they could ramp this thing up very easily, the market cap is just uh 390.

00:33:44
it's just 390 million it's not a lot. Listen, if this coin was like $5 billion, $4 billion, $3 billion, then I could say, well, listen guys, this might take really a lot of money to push this thing up. But it's just $300 million, $400 million. So if those Koreans want to push this price really at all-time highs, maybe even to the $100, they could. They can and they could. They can and they could. So this is something you really have to keep in mind. This is the risk. This is the risk if you gonna scale in again, and I'm gonna show you something else by the way Where is it? I think it's over here. I'm gonna show you this, I tweeted about this in the morning, Yes, this one, look at this, I seen this even on the crow so whatever it is, the crow or whatever they call it, key R. W. so this is these are the Koreans buying uh auction with with a Korean uh whatever they call it the money money from Korea, so even then look at this, this indicator is really just mind-blowing, even on their currency, look it's the same story, look over here,

00:35:07
Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea. So Korea, Korea, Korea. Basically, the rejection, so the pump that they pumped, they pumped it into the 100K. You see? This was the rejection. The 100K was the rejection. So now, I think they want to test it again. I think they're going to test. So we got this one, look at this bounce, beautiful. But this is also, guys, this is also. This is also the professional way of how we do things. We take the damn profits. You know, I was awake when this happened, and you know, I think that Ali Kaber, Ali Kaber, I think he's sleeping now. He asked me on X, should we take profits? Normally, I don't answer these type of questions. Normally, I never answer these types of questions.

00:35:56
And in the morning, I answered it. I told him, 'Yes, take the damn profits.' But he shouldn't ask me that question. Why? Because Ali Kaber, he has this indicator and he's educated. You know, when this happens, you take profits. Because I know that he saw this. It was the greed inside of his mind that was telling him, 'No, no, auction already pumped so much. It will probably just go below the Indy now. It's going to dump. It's going to dump.' You're going to get rich because he's already in profits. But he gets greedy. That's greed. oh my god greed is so dangerous greed is greed greed is your biggest enemy it's just

00:36:42
that simple so he wanted that confirmation but he he knew this already you know you know this is something you know every time when this happens you see this by the way you had john john what did john john was in a short he just reverted he just pushed the reverse button he went into a long you know you're right in the hold up so this is what john did john just pushed the reverse button and made a lot of money on the bounce up again and then he'll probably start this year shorting again at some point with the profits that he made on this bounce but you know that's you know professional Trading that's you know, you need to build but just look at this boom, boom, boom, do you think it's a coincidence this indicator?

00:37:31
Do you think that you think this just you know you think someone just painted this over here come on, come on, be a man, be a man, be a man. So uh fartcoin, fartcoin by the way I passed uh the four thousand uh thousand Pino, I didn't share it by the way. On the this is on the on the long ETF uh, it's my blood it's my blood you know You know, at some point sometimes people just OH MW MW whatever. Yeah yeah I'm buying you're buying no you shouldn't buy oh here it is. You know even it went down. It was at 5,000% at some point. It was at 5,000. I think it was at 5,000. I think it was 5,000.

00:38:21
And people ask me, but MW, how do you, you know, 5,000, how is that possible? How is it possible? How do you mean how is it possible? I told you exactly when I was buying. It's a long ETF. I took some profits on the way up. Yes, for sure. But the rest is still running. So, what do you mean? How do you do that or how is it possible? I told you just like I told you on the short ETF. I gave you exactly when I was shorting it. And I get, you know, a lot of people, MW, oh, we missed, we missed it, we missed, we missed all those shorts. No, you didn't miss it. You just didn't believe it. There's a difference between that. You didn't miss it. But then I told you, okay, well, you missed the short ETF. There is a long ETF coming up.

00:39:30
I'm gonna buy here but you know the markets were going down and everyone you know and I know how it is because because this is this is the danger of Twitter and let me tell you this is also this is also this is also let me post this one this is by the way also the reason why I tell you block shillers block shillers no no MW I'm not gonna block them you know why you know I just want to see what they share you know I understand it. And then someone goes, 'no, no, no, I'm W'. You know, you know, you know, I'm not going to block them. You know, why, why? You know, it's, it's entertaining for me. It's entertainment for me.

00:40:11
You know, I just love to see what, you know, what all those sailors share. I just want, I don't, I understand you. I feel you. But you have to keep in mind that they will get into, they are getting paid to get into your mind. They will feed you the sentiments. They feed you the direction they want you to go in. Because it's very simple. When I was shouting out loud, while Trump became president, that I was going to short Bitcoin and Solana and a lot of other coins to death, as I did successfully. Everyone in CT was telling you that we were going to the moon. Why? Because Trump was going to make.

00:40:57
To make crypto the new capital of the world in America okay okay forget about that one then we had the long ETF I prepared you for this long I gave you the exact levels I gave you the exact moments when I'm gonna buy how I'm gonna buy okay then that moment came but at that same moment when that moment came, this happened by the way after I challenged all those uh buy ETH guys and shorted it out of it so then I told you, listen guys, I'm buying here, I'm buying the ones where the levels get hit, buying the buying you know not buying the levels are getting hit so they're getting bought up but at that same time, those same guys, same sales that were telling you that that that you should buy ETH at the top when markets dumped, they were telling you uh maybe we're going into a bear market, maybe this is the end, maybe this maybe that.

00:41:54
They were feeding you that same sentiment again. That's what they get paid for. That's what they do. And, you know, so you can tell me, you know, I don't watch them. It's only for me. It's just entertainment. Or, you know, I want to trade against them or whatever. But at the same time, they are getting into your mind. They are regulating the sentiment in your mind. They are not letting you see clear. It's always foggy in front of your eyes. They create that fog. And they are very good at it. And they get paid a lot of money to do that. So, what I was telling you, I'm going to buy Fartcoin. I'm going to start buying Fartcoin. That's why I had 4,000%. By the way, it's not only this one.

00:42:45
I think that SPX is also doing great. i think sbx i have to check on sbx but sbx is also doing great by the way also almost doubled up so uh i've got some coins over here i've got i was eyeing ip uh i saw the team sharing something about i'm not gonna tell you guys what the team uh shared but i saw the team sharing something about it and i was eyeing it like they were doing and you know i think they're right i agree with them so and then we got this orca pointed out by the creators group uh also showing a lot of power is orca and then we got this

00:43:24
uh pi getting super wrecked we got red uh we nailed this one you know this is something that's you know this is something that always gets into my mind you know we traded the crap out of this so this one has got to be i'm sure that we traded this one also huh janice janice does remember this i think You know, the team also shorted the crap out of this one, 30%. So, you know, this is something, you know, these are big gains made. And then you got a small group of people that only talk about this one. Well, they're also making money on this one, by the way, but not as big as those ones. But this will come. It will come. You just have to be patient.

00:44:10
You just have to be patient. You have to forget about it. You have to don't look at it. And then at some point, you'll find it at 30 bucks. There was one yesterday. What did he tell me? He told me, what was it? He told me, yeah, but this one didn't. It was in the chat. But this one, he did it. Oh, this one, but he didn't know it. No, he didn't pump 250%. Yeah, but PI didn't pump 250%. No, he didn't. Okay, let's see. How much did it pump? 380%. I'm sorry, bro. I'm sorry. Yes, it didn't. No, you're right. It didn't pump at 250 percent you know you cannot compare those two no no no I cannot compare them now because this thing just pumped 400 percent in one two three four four four freaking days it bumped for almost 400 percent you cannot compare it with auction no no auction is different because auction it pumped how much did auction pump?

00:45:13
Auction it pumped in one two three four let's take it from here What is this? What is this? 100%. And what did PI do in four days? Five days. One, two, three, four, five days. Now, I cannot compare these two. No, no, no. You cannot compare these two. This is 320% in five days. Okay. And then let's go to auction. Where's auction? Over here. Come here. Five days. One, two, three, four, five. And I'm even going to take this spike with it. Take this spike. We have to do it; we're gonna take this this huge spike. One, two, one, two, three, one, two, three, four, five. Okay, let's take this one. What did it do? What did it do? 130 percent. No, no, no. No, no, no.

00:46:08
Auction pumped way more; auction pumped way more than than than pi pi didn't pump that much. Come on, bro. If you don't know what you're talking about, just don't talk. Just focus and listen. Focus and listen. Don't. I can agree with you if you're going to tell me that MW cannot compare PI with auction because tokenomics are totally different. You know, auction has got way more potential to grow even harder and more familiar than PI. Because PI is just a lot of crap. This is when I agree with you. You're right, bro. Please say something that makes sense, that helps the retail firm. Don't just say things because you feel like saying them. Time. And let me tell you this. Auction to short the crap out of it was not my choice.

00:47:14
I would never get into this coin. Because you guys know me. I don't like coins that have super red funding rates. I would never short them. That's the lesson that I teach. I teach you: never, ever, ever short coins that are in deep red. I educate you guys for this. Just stay away from it. That's my advice. That's my teaching. And then you get all these retailers, all auction, this auction, that auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction. Okay, fine. Here is auction. And then you got the team. And don't ask me why, but the team started shorting auctions. But they are successful in it because they know even at this, what you're seeing over here with these candles, they managed to make profits to get in and out.

00:48:05
But that's just because they're professional traders. But so auction isn't even because based on the tokenomics and based on the volume. and based on uh the funding rates i would never ever ever ever short auction i wouldn't even touch it that's my style so uh i want to show you guys decks for janice especially for janice yes janice i shorted the crap out of this one i made a lot of money german money so i'm i'm sucking the life out of the germans yes okay just in case you want to know i'm sucking the life out of the germans over here by the way guys you have to be very careful with this decks because this decks might dump very hard there was some report came out i don't know uh there was a report came out that i don't know it was it was something had to do with the fact that you all these years you couldn't there was some manipulation that you couldn't show it

00:49:10
there were no etfs or something you cannot short attacks so this should have so called explained why it was romping up whatever but let me just tell you this guys let me tell you this this thing could crash down this thing could crash down this thing will crash down you just have to time it but this thing could crash down Be ready. Be ready. Be ready for this thing. I just wanted to say that. Oh, Fartcoin is printing. Oh, Fartcoin. I love Fartcoin. Guys, you know, if someone wants to tell me, listen, MW, you're a genius. If you want to call me a genius, forget about everything that I shared and predicted and did or whatever. Everything. Forget about everything.

00:50:05
I want only the people that have been following me, let's just say that you follow me from December, the past three, four, five months. I told you, if you want to make money, if you want to become a millionaire, trade Fartcoin. Trade it up and down. Use the Indie, trade it up and down. But you don't even have to trade all these other manipulated coins like, you know, like Auction, Plume, Red, whatever. You could just focus on what and you know if Fartcon will dump because I remember yes Fartcon didn't hit my buy zone but I told you I'm gonna buy it either way I shared something I was going to buy because I know it didn't hit this zone. But look at this. Oh, Fartcoin, you monster. You monster.

00:51:13
I need to make a new one about this one, by the way. But look at this, Fartcoin. Fartcoin is, guys, Fartcoin can make you rich. It's, you know, it's a machine, guys. It's a machine. Fartcoin is a machine. Let me just say this if this thing dumps down again Buy some fart coin You know But don't you know, you know when everyone everything is crashing down and everyone is crying like a baby Going to zero. That's when you buy, you know, it was just recently when we dumped and you know You know you guys you guys you guys forget I don't forget No, you know because I remember it very good guys. I'm buying Guys I'm buying Guys I'm buying I'm DCA in I'm full in cash. I'm buying, I'm buying SPX here!

00:52:20
Yes, okay guys, but I'm buying, don't fear markets, don't be afraid, please buy, buy, guys, buy! Use your brains, bye! Look at this, guys, look at this! This is what I was explaining-they feed you the fear, they make you fearful; they feed you greed at the top. You cannot imagine how dangerous these people are CT and Twitter. These guys are so... even if you think that you're smart, I follow, I'm welcome. I know that these guys are jealous. I know that they got paid. I know that they are scams. I know that they have no clue what they're doing. I know that they are just... I know, I know, I know! But guys, but they get into your minds. Every time when you read their posts, they're feeding, you know, you have to be so super strong.

00:53:23
You know, I even blocked them. And not because they can fool me. I found out that I was wasting too much time on those people. That's why I blocked them. But guys, you have to see for yourself. Because it's time. You're wasting your time on them. And you could use that time by educating yourself, focusing, and making money every day again and again. So while you're wasting your time on these people, I wasn't going to sweat. so you have to be okay so but listen guys uh again fart the coin it's all nice you know we love it fart going it's great fart going but i'm telling you you can become a millionaire and fart going also ensuring it up and down so if you don't have this 5k because i think it's 5k by now let me check it's not 5k it's not 5k it is 4 . 4 4700 percent

00:54:38
Farticoin. But Farticoin comes down just as fast. Because for the new ones, we shorted the crap out of Farticoin from the top. Just imagine how much percent that is. But let me tell you this. So Farticoin. Fart coin is just a retail fans coin, you know, so fart coin You know That's fart coin because fart coin is made for us traders, you know You have to see like like, you know, what was his name again? What was his name again? The race driver? No The race driver, I hope that you have a great car to race in. For us traders, we also need our equipment. We need our, you know, we need where, you know, where our skills come out best, you know. You know, so you train yourself like you are racing.

00:55:37
So I think that you do a lot of sports and, you know, you train yourself to do whatever it is that you're doing while you're racing and whatever it is you do with that car. So in training, it's the same thing. You need that card to raise. We need Fartcoin to trade. You understand? We need Fartcoin. If you want to trade, you need Fartcoin to trade. We need Fartcoin. So thank you, Fartcoin, for being whoever it is you are. And thank you, anyone that is shilling Fartcoin openly on CT. I love you guys. And I want you guys to, you know, promote Fartcoin even more. Come on, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin. Because Fartcoin is our Bobcat of 2025. Told you so. So, yeah, you can expect a red P&L from Fartcoin in the near future.

00:56:38
And, you know, by the way, I'm going to close. It's now 50% is running. So I'm going to close maybe 90%, maybe even more. So 99%. And the long ETF, I'm sorry, guys, but I'm going to close. I'm going to close a big chunk soon. And it might get flipped in the same short ETF into short. So then we're going to print like crazy. By the way, guys, Fartcoin, just use them. the indicator so that's about that i wanna i wanna see whether we got in the chat some questions or something and then we're gonna close it up me waiting to buy all all alls when they reach 69 . 72 so rapid where were you when I was on Twitter shouting? Uh, start buying by the way.

00:57:28
I only bought 10 of my investment portfolio uh but I traded much more and the longing to have his own leverage, so that was from the trading portfolio. But where were you, Rapid? So because this is very easy to say something like this, you know, because this is very cheap, you know why this is, you know why this is so, because this was you being afraid; the ones that I was talking about, you are one of them, because if you have all your cash ready and you're waiting for this level to hit before you start buying it means that you are afraid; it means that you are afraid. The markets go down, and it's normal; you don't have to be ashamed for this. No need for shame.

00:58:08
Because 99% of average people in financial markets or in crypto, they're afraid. They're afraid when markets go down. They are afraid when markets go up. It's the same story. You know, when the markets are above, they're afraid to sell and take profits. They fear. And when markets bleed, they're afraid to buy. This is normal. This is how old people are. It's just how people are made. You know, I'm a crazy fool for trying to change things in your minds, but that's not easy. And I'm trying. I'm really trying to get into your minds. And, you know, there are some people that really, you know, they follow me for a long time. They know me. MW just saved me from, you know, 90 or 90% plus losses for my holdings.

00:59:04
And I'm in cash. And if that fool of MW is trying to buy, well, fool it, I'm going to buy also. Fool it, I'm going to buy it also. If he's buying, I'm buying. It's just that simple. I've got all that cash here already, so I would have lost this money anyway if I didn't listen to him. So why not just, you know, fuck it, let's just buy with this. If he's buying SPX, I'm buying SPX. Is he buying Particon? I'm going to buy Particon. If he's buying that, I'm going to buy it. I don't give a fuck. That's about it. Oh, that's a good idea, Alpiman. Yeah, maybe I could sponsor Michael's car. Why not? Why not? Do you need a small Ritofam MWM wheel killer indicator? So sponsorship. Where are you raising, Michael? Maybe we can sponsor you. It's a bit far in Czechoslovakia. Czechoslovakia. So what do we got?

01:00:04
Professional traders make mistakes, so you're right to not short this. Edward, I don't agree with you completely. I don't agree with you. You know what? Because there is, you know, I understand where you're coming from. Because you, from a trader's mindset, you shouldn't have shorted it. It's just that simple. It's just like I teach you. Just follow the rules. Funding rate's red. Stay away from it. That's it. There is another style, a whole other style, and this style is not built on uh on on trading on the short term. It's not built on trading on making gains ins and out etc etc. It's not built on that one um you've got professional traders what they do, they like it's just like an investment it's an investment for them.

01:00:51
So let me let me let me let me give you a very very good example and I want you guys to focus on what I'm going to say now so you can understand why GTC did what they're doing. So chase trading and by the way, you can you can you can you can you can you can thank Altiman and Janice again for not for me not releasing that vid but I'll give you guys every time a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and at some point maybe maybe maybe you can fill it up and then you got the total view. Let me let me do it. So basically what I did was, you know, I wasn't interested in fart coin when it dumped over here.

01:01:25
I wasn't interested over here. I wasn't interested over here and I wasn't interested. Over here and then at some point I started yelling on Twitter, 'I'm interested over here' and 'I'm interested over here', and why am I interested over here? Because we are reaching bottom levels, see. So, while I was buying fat one over here, I know it's a risk, especially with this is just a meme point; it's just a Ponzi coin, so it's you know it's a risk buying this. But you know I had the guts to buy it up So I'm buying it up over here, even opening along on this one. And I know that the risk is that this thing might dump even more over here, but I'm ready for that.

01:02:02
I'm ready for the fact that it goes lower over here. So I'm already ready for the fact that if I'm starting to buy over here, I'm ready for if this happens. And how am I prepared for that? I'm prepared for that with the fact that I'm going to buy more. So I'm going to DCA in. So that's just a dollar cost average. So that's how, in my mind, because in my mind, when we reach bottom levels, there is just a big probability that this thing might bounce up. And I don't want to miss that. I just don't want to miss it if it happens. So I have to, at some point, not wait for the exact bottoms. I have to scale in. So that's why you see those posts on Twitter.

01:02:42
I know a lot of you guys probably. Forget about those, but you know when when did when we were over here you know all CT was shouting oh they're all themselves but you know at that same point I was yelling listen guys don't be afraid don't be afraid buy in buy in I'm starting to buy Don't be afraid. Don't fear the fucking markets. So that's why I started buying in over here. So when I start buying in, I'm prepared for the fact that if this thing goes down, I'm going to buy more. Just like SPX did. SPX kept, I started the buy in at $0. 35 and it dumped $0. 25. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad because I'm just buying in chunks and I'm loaded with cash to buy more.

01:03:34
But I'm average buying in. Now comes the story about the professional toilet. I don't know if you're referring to GTC, but if you are referring to GTC, let me show you. Do you actually think, look where GTC is, what is it? So in GTC, their choice of going in, first of all, these guys are professional toilets, so they know what they're doing. So if they, it's the same story over here. Let's say that this was the high. This was the high, by the way. Over here is the all-time high or whatever over here. So while they are DCA starting to short the crap out of this thing, especially with Koreans doing whatever this do, you know, they have experience with Koreans, just like I have got a lot of.

01:04:20
I've got a big story about Koreans, by the way. You guys don't know that. Let's just say the Koreans and I, we have a love-hate relationship between us because in the past. I have been challenging these guys to death. And we made a lot of money out of these guys. And then they tried to hack me. That didn't work out. But, you know, the biggest hackers are from the north of Korea. Those are my friends. And, you know, I was destroying the South Koreans. And the South Koreans tried to hack me after that. But it's a long story. It's a very long story. But let me tell you this, that the Koreans, I know how they play. I know how Koreans play. I just know them. I know their style.

01:04:59
And the team, was with me, they also know this Korean so, but either way it doesn't it's not about the Koreans now what it's about is that they are starting to dash in at the top so for sure this thing could make a new high and go even to 100 bucks but they are prepared for this before they are going to enter this chase rate; they are prepared for the fact that this thing might go to 100. They are prepared for it. There's a big difference between someone who is not prepared for this and someone else, prepared. They own the skills. They are prepared for this coin to chase it up, even if it would go to 100%. And let me tell you, I'm almost 100% sure that it will come out as winners because they know how to do that.

01:05:48
So this is the same story, just like I was showing you on Fartcoin. So when you decide to go buy in over here, at the bottom formation, start DCA buying in. So if the bounce comes, you've got to make that 5,000% P &L. It's the same story if you're going to buy in and start DCA buying in over here because just a correction down to these levels will give you that same 4,000% or 5,000% P &L. It's the risk management. I know it sounds maybe a little bit crazy what I'm saying over here, but this is not all professional traders; a small group of professional traders that own these skills and own these timings of markets and timings of going in.

01:06:40
And, you know, especially when you're trading crypto, it's a lot of stuff. You need to know who your opponent is. So in this case, I know that it's the Koreans. And I know how they trade and I know what they do and I know how they do it so I know this already you know because these freaks they like to push also a lot of reverse buttons and when these freaks will start pushing the reverse buttons well you do the math what will happen if this thing will turn around just say So, it's, but you really, you need, you need, you need to be experienced because if you're not experienced, if you're not, if you're not trained, if you didn't, what level, if you don't know what you're doing, they might, these Koreans, they can hunt you down and they could.

01:07:30
Okay. So that's that question. Let me do another one since I've got some. So I'm just asking about ID, about ID to private group. I sent you ID to X a few days ago. I sent you ID. You mean UID, okay? I'm not sure if you should get some links back to inbox or wait. I appreciate your work. Mike, do me a favor. DM me now again on Telegram and put your UID and put also the exchange that you trade on. And I will check it after the live stream. Yes, you got my word on that one. Are you still expecting me to see the dump this weekend? i'm not did i expect bitcoin

01:08:13
to dump this weekend did i say that miguel did i say that yes i said that but this is this is very dangerous so i said that on friday before the markets closed and then i went to sleep michael and then what did i do i updated you guys on telegram and patreon i told you listen i woke up and i saw that the market bounced off very strong so That changed everything. This is the problem since I'm living now in the Middle East. I'm no night person. I'm not someone that goes to parties. I'm not someone that drinks alcohol. I'm not someone that likes whatever luxury, fancy stuff around. I'm a pretty good place for that, by the way, but that's not me. I like to sleep at night.

01:09:02
I wake up very early. I do my sports. I do my things. I do my charts. You know, that's me. But when, you know, when it's 8, 9, 10 o'clock in the evening, 11 o'clock, that's when I go to sleep. When people, when the average people go, let me just say, when the children go to sleep, I go to sleep. That's just how it works. So I'm sorry, Michael, but you should have because you're now saying something while I said something after it. So for now, I really don't know. We got this. We got this new thing that I shared with you on Twitter. This might, because this might affect the financial markets. This thing with, you know, out of the sudden, a lot of European countries are telling, oh, don't go to America.

01:09:49
No, no, no, you should not go to America. I don't know what's going on. Very crazy. But, you know, my buddy Sid, he says, he thinks that it will affect the financial markets. But for me, you know, I'm still bearish on the financial markets. There's nothing changing for that because I told you already that we didn't. After this, listen, look, see where we are. So, even if we're bouncing, we're bouncing over here, but we didn't even hit this zone. So, to answer your question on the midterm, yes, I'm still bearish. We didn't even hit this zone, bro. Look where we are. We didn't even hit this one. So, we really need to hit this one. Then maybe even go to this one before you know but you know financial markets they torture us it's just what they do it's just really I joined on Telegram, you mean Zeeshan, that you use the crypto but yes just the DME screenshot that you're in the group and yes you will get it it's one week when we do. I got more questions.

01:11:04
I am slightly experienced, but don't trade these calls. Are you experienced, Alpiman? Oh, I didn't know that. You're experienced in what? Listen, guys, Alpiman is experienced in missing out on trades. So I almost went into a short over there. I almost took a long. Alpiman is one of those guys. Let me show you guys how Alpiman, the kind of trader Alpiman is. Alpiman, you remember when we went down over here? You remember when we went down over here so uh let me fight you know when we went down over here and I was shouting to everyone come on bye bye I'm buying and buying this is when you know when Alpiman his wife calls him come come where are you come over here Alpiman what MW is telling you to buy and then what what did he say I didn't hear you honey what what and then he goes up And then he goes into the closet and hides himself Then his wife comes up Where are you Alpiman?

01:12:07
Where are you? Then he's silent hiding in the closet like a little baby I don't want to buy I don't want to buy I'm afraid I'm afraid to buy I'm afraid to buy That's Alpiman And then when the markets cool down and everything goes up and then Alpiman comes out of the closet Not out of the closet like you know like He's gay or something, so out of the closet like he was afraid, so this is Alpiman and then when markets bounce up, yes I knew, so I knew, I knew it, yes, yes, yes, I'm gonna tell you exactly how you do it, you have to do it like this and this and this, so this is Alpiman guys, so For the ones that want to know how Alpiman is, this is Alpiman.

01:12:58
So, guys, let me see the last question. Then we're going to close it up. How is the blue box on the US? Why? Why? What does it matter how the blue box is, Alpiman? You're not going to buy anyway. So, you're not going to do anything based on that anyway. Oh, what is this? Prithvi Kuloli. Me attending first live stream. Well, welcome, bro. Welcome and I hope that you learn a lot of things step by step. I'm doing a lot of education by the way on this live streams, uh, that I didn't do before, so guys, I love you all. Enjoy your weekends, uh, by the way. Always keep in mind that Sunday afternoons they have been super valid past weeks. I'm just saying, I'm just saying for the ones that are new in here, what's Sunday?

01:13:46
Got the Dutch, we call them the Dutch, the Dutch Sunday afternoons. And what happens at Dutch Sunday afternoon, so it's European time around between 3 o'clock and 7 o'clock in the evening, so European time, between 3 and 7; what a lot of times happens is that markets, altcoins start dumping. It's like they're correcting, so you've got always this Friday night, Saturday, they go up a bit, and then at Sunday, 3 o'clock or 2 o'clock European time, they start going down. And, yes, I know there's only one sick fuck in the world that pays attention to things like that. That's me. But it works out a lot of times. A lot of times it works out. A lot of times. So what is a lot of times? 70%, 60%, maybe 75%.

01:14:34
I don't know. You have to calculate it. You can do your own research on that one, by the way. Just go and put some numbers on them and go check it out. But, you know, maybe we're going to get some Sunday. Sunday, Sunday, by the way, let me, let me, let me, and this one, let me see, this one, let me see where is what happened, let me see how, how, um, how this one is, oh, oh, this is what serious, okay, guys. I was just you know, I just checked you know, I was just checking in on uh, the funding rates of auctions, guys. It's predicted to be 4. 0, this is this is sick, guys, be very careful if you are in any uh, if you are in any uh, shorts, you might also pay really, really a lot of funding rates.

01:15:36
So this is something you have to keep in mind. So the funding rates are really, this is crazy, by the way, guys, 4. 0 is really madness. So this means, in my opinion, that they want to, the Koreans are ready to, they really are ready to dump it. It's the funding rates that are not allowing them to dump it. You have to keep that in mind. And you have to see it like this. Sometimes they just dump it on the super red funding rates. They just dump it on it. You know why? Because they made so much money. They made so much money. They just kind of dump it on it. But $4 predicted is really a lot, by the way, guys. I'm buying it and I'm buying this.

01:16:22
Oh, it's a lot. It's a lot. But let me tell you this. The team will not get out. The team is in and they will stay in. And they will really, they will really. Correct. They will kill it. I know they're going to kill it. We got Hans Heinz. Come on, Flying Dutchman. Am I Flying Dutchman? Who is the Flying Dutchman? Flying Dutchman was Dennis Bergkamp. That was the Flying Dutchman. One of the best players in the world, by the way. Ever, in my opinion. Dennis Bergkamp. I think he's one of the best. And based on the people that really know football. When you hear other people talking about Dennis Bergkamp, it's mind-blowing what you hear. For me, there are two players that I like a lot in the history of football, and they are really in my top five ever. And it's not Ronaldo, and it's not Messi. For me, players like Zidane, players like Bergkamp, those are really players I liked at 10. Those are really players that these were maestros all over they ruled they ruled the field they could win a game on their own it's mind-blowing so I think that Zidane was a level higher than Bergkamp but it was a little bit of the same stuff have a nice one thanks all for watching bye.
*** Live Stream 03-23-2025 Crypto is made for Traders,  Not Hodlers ! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome, RetoFam. Welcome, welcome back into a weekend. Yes, Saturday, today, you know, I'm being very generous with you guys. I'm being very generous with you guys. I'm really so generous. So, welcome, welcome, RetoFam. So, what are we going to talk about today? We gotta check Bitcoin or Bitcoin is doing; I'm gonna check some altcoins. We're gonna check no, we're not particularly gonna check the financial markets, we already did that yesterday and Friday, so yeah, so we're gonna talk a little bit about this and a little bit about that and a little bit about this and a little bit about that. Uh, so we're gonna talk about uh We're going to talk a little bit about this, about this, this. What is this?

00:00:58
How much is it? 100K. Yes, yes. We're going to talk about this rug pull. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. By the way, guys, all credits go out to Game Trading Quip. So it's, you know, shout out to Game Trading Quip because they, you know, they had the balls, you know, against all odds. They had the balls. We're going in. What? Yeah, we're going in. They had the balls to also go in big. They had the balls to, you know, take the first profits. And then they had the balls to openly say to their members, 'We're going heavier in this time. And we're going really big this time on this one.' Boom. And, you know, shout out to the team. Shout out to the team. Shout out to the team.

00:01:48
So, really, shout out to the team guys because this is, you know, they did this a lot of times so this is not new or whatever but you know, yeah. So, this is, guys, this is just in one day; this is in one day, in one day, one day; this is almost, guys, this is almost 68 and they are in heavy, guys, they doubled their portfolio by the way, in this one. Let's see. They doubled their portfolio. Well, thank you. Thank you, Korea. Thank you, Korea. Well done, Korea. Well done. Because, you know, I said it yesterday. You know, I just tweeted about this. You know, I was talking to one of the DTC members in the morning, and he told me, he told me, oh, oh, MW, oh, MW.

00:02:41
Oh, we really wish that the retail firm could see you in the old days when you were fighting these Koreans, you know. Those were some exciting days. You know, you cannot imagine. Oh, those days were beautiful. Those days were beautiful. Koreans, by the way, guys, Koreans are good guys. So Koreans are no bad guys, you know. Koreans are just teachers, you know. It's just like the Chinese, you know, like Chinese, they like to gamble. Koreans are the same. They share the same DNA. But Koreans, I love Koreans. Just they were not my enemies; it was just like a sport because you know they were like organized trying to fight me when I was alone at that time but you know I was outsmarting them well I'm not going to talk too much about that so, but, but Koreans, Koreans!

00:03:33
They go in heavy guys; they like to risk high, you know. They risk high as to win high, but also to lose very, very, very high I'm just saying. And then you get an opponent like M. Willkiller against them, that doesn't like to lose high and doesn't like to risk high, but either way is very aggressive in his trading style. When you got a clash like that happening, so that's really a sensation. That's when you put out your popcorn. Every time when I challenge those guys openly on Twitter. Anyone who wants to challenge me openly, that's the only thing. You have to challenge me openly. I always hope that, you know, there is a certain group of Koreans. I always hope that they will accept the challenge someday.

00:04:29
You know, if they will accept the challenge, you know that there will be fireworks. I guarantee that. Because why? These guys have no limits. These guys are so, so aggressive. So, you know. That's the style that I have to adjust with them. I have to be more aggressive than they are, but you know, whatever. So that's auction against Crow so congrats to all the wheat farm members that you know, congrats to Gantrid and Krip and their members. I saw them today, by the way, you know. They just, you know, they just killed I think this is one of their best traits they have some. I know you guys cannot imagine it maybe, but they shared better traits than this one. They really did. So, but, you know, today I was reading a message from them.

00:05:20
They are advising people to go out of their group. It's mind-blowing. You know, they are advising people to get out of their group. They’re advising people to, first of all, come back. To me again, and uh get better and more educated by me, and they promise them all that they will have the ones that you know, the ones that will get out now they can get back in so you know shout out to you again shout out really respect you know that’s why I love you guys, I teach you well I teach you well honorable as you guys should be. So, yeah. What do I got over here? Oh, by the way, we’re going to do some Q &A today. And not only Alpiman asking the question and having the suggestions.

00:06:16
This guy always comes in drunk over here. You know, this guy, he pays a subscription just to, you know, when he's drunk, you know, he has nothing to do. Then he comes to join our live streams. Don't. Just don’t. So Janice, oh, Janice, hello, bro. Well, Germany, yes, Germany today. Germany, most of my followers are Germans. You know, this, it hurts me in my heart to say this. So it really, you know, it breaks my heart to say this, but you have to see it like this. The fact that most of my followers are Germans means that the smartest people in the world live in Germany.

00:07:04
Let me just say it like it is. The most stupid people live in the Netherlands because I'm from the freaking Netherlands. I've got a very strong community from the Netherlands, by the way. So shout out to those guys. But I'm talking about average now, guys. So don't feel personally whatever. But on average, Dutch people are the most stupid people. They got their own Dutch man, a Dutch person ruling the charts, nailing trades, whatever. And they're following. uh Michael from Papa, they're following I don't know, we got those other ones I don't know, I forgot about you've got this, oh yeah Crypto Rover and then you got what is this ash is I think it's also Dutch, you got this uh what is the wizard is also from the so that you know all this they're following those okay okay well you know there's one thing I know for one million percent sure is that they're all right that's you know that's so

00:08:02
so the Germans yes and by the way on the second place also mind-blowing Australia, Australia, second place Australia, so you know it's very weird someone from the Netherlands has got the most followers from his neighbors Germany and then second place comes uh comes Australia third place is uh United States by the way yes so it's it's really mind-blowing but you know The smartest people are from Germany. Yeah, Germany. So, Germany rocks. So, it's just Germany. So, hello, hello. We got Alcon Jealous. Helena, Helena. I didn't see Helena. I don't know, maybe she doesn't have the time. She got some family time today. We didn't see a Helena vid today. Especially with auction. Okay. This is Bob Top Duck. Top Duck. Oh, my God. Top Duck is in the house. Top Duck.

00:08:56
Top Duck. Followed by his other. Crazy buddy, Mario, truck driver Mark Collette. Welcome, bro. So, Muhammad Ali, we got, what do we got, what do we get? We got Salsa, we got Raza, Zubark, Walid, Amiros. Walid, I think you had some question for me. So, today's the time to ask a question, Walid, if you want to ask a question. So, we got Amiros, we got this Bob, we got Lamia, we got Scott Sota. Oh, my God, Scott Sotai, Grizzly, Scott Sotai, you know, I love his name. Scott Sotai. I just love his name, Scott Sotai. I don't know why. Scott Sotai. My name is Scott Sotai. I know, guys, I'm a bit crazy. It's just what it is. Why you won't rest and enjoy? Let me tell you this.

00:09:38
Let me tell you this. Today, I was at the beach. Yes, I was at the Jumeirah Beach. It was lovely. I loved it. It was Jumeirah Beach, and I didn't swim or whatever, but I did get my feet a little bit wet. And let me tell you, it was very, very warm. So, yes, I was at the beach today. I was at the beach today. So, LS, Andrea, what do you got? We got Chris Lee. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got Ziggy. We got Hans Heinz. Hans Heinz is one of the few Dutch people I think that isn't stupid. We got Loyal. Rob McCoy. The Highlander News. Good day, everyone. Spaceman. Pip, T-Blue, Fastlane, Zeeshan, Nicholas, Silver, Brian, Jacob, CB.

00:10:28
What do we got? We got Film C. United States is rocking over here after noon. Dita. What do we got? What is it? Could you please break down the Plume Trade? It would be great. Plume Trade? Okay. Whatever. WSTT Wormhole. Check it out. You don't have to ask me about coins that are on my short ETF because I'm always checking those out. Wrap it up. Von Papa. Von Papa. Yeah, Von Papa. Oh, my God. Let me see. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Snowy. We got. What do we got? What do we got? That's it. That's it. That's it. Nice. My wife loves the beach.

00:11:15
She also at the tomorrow beach. Tomorrow beach. Yeah. And let's see, let's see, let's see. Okay, okay, well, okay, okay. So let's dive in! Let's dive in! So it is what it is; it is what it is. Oh, so are we going to talk about auction? Guys, do we really need to? We don't need to talk about auction; I think we said we already talked about that, so I don't think we need to talk about that either. Do we really need to talk about and we don't need to talk about auction? You know. Oh, by the way, for Alpiman, I was Alpiman for you because this Alpiman, this guy is a bit scary; he always has a lot of theories and you know, always a big mouth but he just doesn't own the balls to do whatever it is while I was doing this past days, you know.

00:12:15
Well, mw, mw, Why are why are people so? You just wait for confirmation and then short it? That's it. Okay. So this was confirmation of 15 minutes to short it. I'll be mine now; I know. So this is also confirmation. Did you show this one? No, no. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No, you did not. I know you did it. I know that you did it. I just know that you did. So, okay. So he didn't do the DCA style. He didn't do the DCA style. Okay. But then you got this NW talking about it, the team going in, you know that already. Okay. So, and then you got the big mouth.

00:12:56
Why don't they just wait for confirmation? It's that easy. It's that simple. Okay. It's that simple. I agree with you. Did you show this one? No. Did you short this one? No. Did you short this one, Alpima? No. Did you short this one, Alpima? No. Did you short this one, Alpama? No. Well, let me even take it lower. Did you short this one, Alpima? No, you did not. Did you short this one, Alpima? No, you did not. So, you know, in trading, it's very easy to always have a big mouth and always to have an opinion about it. But, you know, at the end of the road, it's about the balls. Do you also

00:13:34
own the balls to put the money where your mouth is, you know that's all that's it, that's it, so that's it, so uh let me go to Bitcoin, let me see what Bitcoin, so basically guys uh we're seeing that this thing is holding pretty strong for now and you know it's it's it's to me now we've seen some downside but it's it's holding the line over here, you see. So now it's showing a little bit of, you know, a little bit of that and a little bit of this. So it's now holding a little bit over here. But, you know, it's not dumping. You know, to be honest, I expected this thing to be at the bottom of the index by yesterday. But it didn't. Why? What does this tell us?

00:14:32
when we see this this tells us that the bulls are weak the bulls are dead the bulls are not marching that's what it's telling us when i look at this if i would go to this chart it's the same story we're still holding you see we're still holding we're still holding we are still holding a line over here so let me go to bitcoin Now I understand why it's holding. So we're just, you know, we're just fighting the Indy over here. Nothing serious, nothing to be seen. So keep an eye on 87 . 5 again, guys. We already predicted this one. We jumped down. So now we want to retest it again. And let's see how the markets are going to open. Because the markets, they opened up pretty bullish, but, you know.

00:15:30
The closed are pretty bullish but you know whatever you know on the micro midterm I'm still bullish I'm still bearish on the market so and bitcoin also because where is my bitcoin chart this is my bitcoin chart you know we hit this zone hit it back hit it back hit it back so we're just traveling on the indie and what what did I teach you guys As long as we're below the Indy, we remain bearish. Exactly. So that's what we're going to do also. So if this thing wants to come up over here, we have to be prepared. So, you know, that's it. There's not a lot. Let me see this one. What is this one doing? Mind-blowing how dominance is holding the line over here, you know.

00:16:27
You know, it makes me sick at some point, but it has to do with this freaking monster that is also going to get rejected. So, by the way, guys, talking about this chart, you know my target. We're in the box. So, be prepared that you will be buying a lot of ETH when targets hit. You feel me? I'm going to buy on the dumps. I mean on the dumps. If you are a Bitcoin buyer, focus on ETH because this is where ETH needs to step up and say 'okay, Bitcoin, enough is enough' and it might dump even lower to this level that's the risk I'm willing to take at this point over here. You know, for me it's rather ETH than Bitcoin but guys, I'm only buying if if...

00:17:25
Bitcoin reaches lower level, so keep that in mind. So uh, that's something I wanted to show you over there or was something else and that we had we had today we had to take this... meme coins, guys! I tweeted about this also today. I want you guys to understand: I think most, a lot of you guys that are in here, you don't know me. Maybe you followed me since January, February. I don't know. But for the ones that have been following me since 2024, nobody-by far, by far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far! Nobody. Nobody. Nobody ruined and killed meme cons like I did. Nobody posted about them as I did. Nobody shorted them as I did. Nobody shared about them as I did. Nobody, by far, nobody.

00:18:26
I made a video already; I don't know, it was a live stream. I explained to you, well, you know, it was at the same moment when they, so the ones that rule your sentiment, so they, who are they, the biggest accounts in crypto, Twitter, YouTube, whatever, when they were telling you that, okay, guys, it's time to flip your meme coins into solid altcoins. The thing that broke my heart at that same moment is that wasn't that bad of an idea when I said that. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad when I said that. The thing that killed me was they said it when meme coins were already 80, 90% down, when we already shorted them to death.

00:19:09
So when they were shilling them, I was yelling, 'Short the crap out of them.' So we shorted them for 70, 80, 90%. And that's when they said, 'Flip them into solid altcoins'. Okay, so what happened after this is I made a vid. I explained to you guys in the details why I think that meme coins are here to stay. Meme coins are not going anywhere. It's also when I told you, listen, I'm going to put them on my long ETF. And also, listen. Because a lot of you guys, you know, I'm not sharing the P &L of SPX. I'm not sharing. You know why I'm not sharing it? Because I have no access to it. I will get access to it, and then I'm going to share. Where is it? Where is the SPX? Where? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?

00:20:17
I'm seeing this, guys. Only for the ones that remember when we bought in. Look at this, guys. Look at this. The ones that listen to me. You are, on average, you should be around 70-80% up. Almost doubled your money. Congrats. So, I think that meme coins are here to stay. I think that meme coins will I think that this coin will get back to the old time high over here. I think that this coin might even go higher. That's what I think. But you have to understand because, you know, I don't just do like they do. They just tell you something, you know. Today they say we're bullish. Tomorrow they will say we're bearish. Tomorrow they will say buy this coin. The day after they will tell you buy another coin.

00:21:19
So that's them. When I tell you something, I explain it into details. Why? I think what I think. Why do I explain this into details? Because it's the only way that you can make up for yourself with your healthy mind if you think that what I'm saying makes any sense. And if it does make any sense, you are going to have to make your own choice on what you want to do and how you want to do it. Because I will only tell you what I'm doing. And I explained already why I think that meme coins are here to stay. It's very simple. So I'm going to repeat myself in a very short summary. It has all to do with money. The syndicate, the VCs, the market makers, they don't like to buy in on projects that have locked coins.

00:22:13
Because why? Because they cannot. handle the charts they cannot rule the charts when they know that teams from the project itself might dump on them so if i would be a syndicate member and i want to buy for example spx i want to buy for example i want to buy like 50 million dollars of spx and i know that mr spx himself has got 500 million of tokens and i'm gonna buy 50 million i know that he might dump on me the 500 million. I'm not saying he will, but he could. So what does that mean? I'm not going to risk it. And that's the problem in crypto now, with those projects that got this big number of unlocks, of locked coins, and project owners that give themselves a lot of tokens.

00:23:06
Marketing gets a lot of tokens. This gets a lot of ICO, IDO, whatever. So this is what changed. Past year. And this is something very important for you as a retail investor, trader. You need to understand that. It's that the game changed. The people that, you know, the big money investors that were pumping coins like VeChain, like Zilliqa, like a lot of them. Those same group of people that had that money, they flipped to meme coins. And why did they flip the meme coins? Because it's easier for them to manipulate price action now to suck retailers in and make bigger profits. It's easier for them now because if you would listen to me, the past years it has never been about the tech; it has never been about the fundamentals; it has never been about whatever it has always been about the money.

00:24:08
And while I was educating you guys through the years that you should only focus on how to make money, don't care about whatever altcoin out there. Don't care for Bitcoin, about whoever, whatever. You know, even some retailers, they fall in love with their favorite crypto guru. So if their favorite crypto guru is, for example, he's bullish on Solana at the top. Well, if he's bullish on Solana, I'm going to buy Solana. Yeah, but Solana is dumping like 70%. I don't care. I'm going to buy Solana. Why? Because he's buying Solana. But you're losing money. So this, you know, there are a lot of stupid people in the world. So we cannot stop that. It will not stop. These stupid people, they will always remain in this world.

00:24:58
And we need them on the charts. We need them. We need them on the exchanges. These stupid people. Just don't be one of those stupid people. Because the only thing you should care about is not me, your favorite crypto guru or whoever. The only thing you should focus about is your money. How am I going to be successful? How am I going to make gains? And that's why, you know. You know, when I opened up the MW ETF and added those meme coins, you know, when I opened up the SPX trade, when I opened up the Fartcoin trade, that's the same exact moment when, you know, they were all telling you buy Ethereum for any reason at the top. I don't know why. They were also telling you, well, meme coins are dead.

00:25:47
I saw, I think, three, four posts from the biggest account. Meme coins are dead. Boom, 5,000, almost 6,000% of hardcore. They keep repeating and doing this over and over again. You see, you see, you see, you see. So, let me go to the Q&A, guys. I'm going to go, I'm going to do the Q&A and after the Q&A, I'm going to close it up because I'm going to be very honest with you guys. I'm a little bit tired, so. I decided to do this stream with you guys, a little bit of Q&A, answering some questions. By the way, guys, by the way, very important, very important, very important. It's very simple: read, read, read the description. My throat is hurting me, by the way, very much.

00:26:36
I don't know what's going on. I might get sick. But read the description, guys, while you're in here. It's very simple. If you join the subscription to the live streams, great. But if you want the trading course vids, you have to be trading on Blovin or Butanex. The links are below. DM me your UID when you reach 100K trading volume. That's all. 100K is not a lot. It's trading volume. You can do that with 200 bucks if you want. I don't recommend it, but if you want. Take it easy. So let me see. What do I got? What do I got? Question. Let's start with Muhammad Ali. Let me put it on the screen and then I'm going to read the question.

00:27:29
You mentioned yesterday that the funding rates hit foreign and the Koreans were ready to dump, but the extreme funding rate was holding them back. What's the reason behind that? What's the reason behind that? Muhammad Ali, you're saying you're not completing what I said. I said this. But the thing is, I also said yesterday, at some point, they're going to dump it. It doesn't matter what the funding rates will be. They're going to dump it. And why are they going to dump it? Let me tell you a little bit about these Koreans. How it works on the Koreans, it's like this. You have to see it. You know that movie of the good, the bad, and the ugly? I think you all guys know that movie.

00:28:14
One of the best, best, best, best tracks I've heard in a movie ever, ever, ever. I got it. I don't care about copyrights. Karen, I don't care about copyrights. Let me see, let me see, let me see. You know this one? I have to get you in the mood, you know, so you can understand. Otherwise, you will not understand what I'm saying. Ah, it's not working. Ah, it's not working for sure. It's not working. You know why it's not working. I know why it's not working. I know why it's not working because it's because I want you to understand me. I want you to get in the feeling, in that feeling.

00:29:25
Okay, there it comes. Muhammad Ali, focus. So what happens is, with those funding raids, is they are seeing the funding raids. So they are making money at the same time as Koreans. How long? Only that long, but what these Koreans also do is they don't trust each other. It's not like the syndicate. The syndicate on the SPX, it's another group. These guys are organized. Koreans aren't organized.

00:30:13
But this is how they're watching each other. Oh, here's what it happened because the funding rates-you should not have

00:30:39
So, what happened over here is the funding rates on Binance, they turned positive. That was the moment. That was the moment that you had to check it. So, don't only watch Coinlyze. Watch the exchange itself that you are. So, watch it on Wix or on BitConnect. It changes very fast. And when it changed just a little bit positive, we had this end scene of the good, bad, and ugly. They were watching each other. And then one of them, he pushed the reverse button. And then the other one followed. And then the other one also followed, and that's when this happened.

00:31:31
So that's what happened yesterday. That's what the Koreans did. That's what the Koreans did, guys. That's what the Koreans did. But, you know, the thing is, the thing is, the thing is, and this is something that I love a lot, you know. Listen, you could do this, the Alpiman style. Alpiman is theoretic, theoretic, because Alpiman does nothing impractically. He only does it in his mind, especially when he's drunk. So, theoretically, you could have jumped in under 15 minutes over here and you would have caught this stuff. But this is why I also explained yesterday, I don't know to who this was. that you know game training crypto team what they did was you know

00:32:09
they you they reached a level when they will just go in and they you know they know these koreans also so they know that that reverse button is going to happen so before it happened they are already in but again and again and again these guys are professional traders so you know they milled even this dump they they nailed a lot of dumb soviets they nailed this dump also they took profit because game trading crypto took profits two times and then they hit the jackpot you know so they so on this rise they're already locked into profits and then they hit the jack but what it's about is is that you know these guys you know these guys are good you know when they start but let's just be clear that you know they hit it very good over here but this thing could have go to the 100 bucks it was possible

00:33:03
if they were organized more they could pump it up so but they were prepared for this because even if they would pump it they know that this will happen after and they will that they Will be in big cash, I already explained this a lot of times in the previous uh streams, they know this already, so it's there; the only question for them is not if they're gonna get paid, the only thing is, is when are we going to get paid? And then you get these uneducated retailers, oh my God, it's going up. Oh, what to do? Oh, so, oh God, it's going up. Oh, I'm losing so much money. Oh, I'm going to get liquidated. Oh, it's going. This is uneducated retailers.

00:33:46
When this thing ramps up, you know, professionals like the team, come on, fill it up. Come on, fill me that back. Come on, push up. And when it comes down to the indie, they decrease and take profits from the, From the bags that they have been filling over here. And then, okay, you want to go up again? Come on, go. Push. Push, Koreans. Push it up. Because they know that they are going to get paid. You know it. It's not if, it's when. How many times did I show you this already? How many coins did I show you by now? How many coins? Every freaking time. Every time. Every time. Every time. And then you get it. Oh, MW, you were right. Oh, MW, you're right. Oh, MW, you're right.

00:34:35
Oh, MW, you're right. It's just you have to time it. You have to time it. So I really hope that moment, I hope that you, Rob McCoy, take a look at Peanut. Well, Rob McCoy, so first off, Peanut, I don't know Peanut. You know, I'm not interested in Peanut. So let me tell you this. I saw some volume on it, but Peanut, you know, I already said enough about Peanut, I think, in the previous streams. And I cannot imagine why anyone would be interested in peanuts. Okay. Well, whatever. I hope that you're not holding any bags because, listen, guys, this is, you know, this is peanuts, whatever, you know. It's, you know, you have to see it like this. You have to understand. So am I, peanut, you know, I'm just not interested in peanuts.

00:35:33
So, what does that mean? I'm not interested in longing because as you guys can see over here this is when we shortened peanuts. So another style is I'm also not interested in shorting peanut over here. Actually, I should, I should, but you know it's just dangerous, it's dangerous to short coins over here, so yeah, peanut, whatever. I really have no clue, uh, maybe some VC is, is rumping it up, wants to make a buck, wants to suck some people, some people, you know, some people that are sensitive for it, you know my dog, you know my dog, peanuts, oh yes! Someone lost his dog or hamster, I don't know what it was in his pet, so someone lost his pet and a lot of other people are losing their money.

00:36:28
So, guys, this is the fact that I'm telling you because I remember this very well. It was over here. So this was when everyone had a lot of sympathy, oh, let's just buy some peanuts. Why not? Let's buy peanuts. Why? Because we feel with you. We are the pets. They eat the pet. They eat the cat. Because they live there or whatever. It was that song by Trump at that time. But this is peanut. Oh, we're going to buy a peanut. So people are getting so sensitive, loving animals. And, you know, I have nothing against animals. I also love animals. I even own animals. I'm not telling you which one, but I love them. I love them to death, by the way. So, but come on. You know, this has nothing to do with animals.

00:37:24
You're putting money into scammers and we will dump on you and, you know, well, we, whatever. So you want it? Okay, well, we made money on this dump. We showed a crap out of it. It's just what it is. I'm not so interested in this one. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Here he comes. Be ready. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Waleed, here he comes, Waleed. Okay, so let's see what Waleed has got to say. I would like to ask if it's possible to buy a coin in the long run. Is it better to buy the spot or is it better to buy it in 1:2 Microsoft That's an easy question, Waleed.

00:38:07
So first of all, if you don't own a lot of funds, you could buy it on leverage. But you have to keep in mind that if the funding rates gets against you, you feel me? Okay. So if you don't own enough funds, that's when you use leverage. If you do, because with a 1x or a 2x, you know, if you're going to buy with a 1x, why would you buy leverage? Because leverage, you can get liquidated if you don't own enough funds on your account. But if you buy it on spot, you cannot. So why would you buy something on 1x? I don't get it. I just don't get it. Why? You want to risk your money? Why? You want to pay funding rates? Why? You can also get a lot of funding rates, by the way. It depends on how it goes. But why? If you're going to use a one or two XDS, just buy spot. Very simple. Just buy spot. So this was an easy peasy question.

00:39:10
Can you? Can you block Jettison Alpima for two days? Good one, good one. Okay, guys, so do I got one more question? No, I don't got a question. I love you guys. You guys don't have a lot of questions. So you guys are basically, you guys are just almost professional traders in here. MW, what's a good entry to short Fartcorn? I think around the 60 cents out of my head. I don't know. I saw the team when I told them that I'm going to take profits. They jumped into a short directly. So I think that the next level of resistance. Do I got far one over here? I think the next level of resistance is around the 60. Maybe I think around the 60, 60, 62.

00:40:15
i think around those levels yeah oh yeah you got it it's already the red zone the red zone i was uh a bit not premature i started taking profits from that huge b now that you're seeing and i will liquidate uh at least 75 if we would reach this red level red zone so 25 is already out and uh The harder it goes, the more. So this is what I said. 60. See, I said it. It was in my head. Away, away, away. It was in my head. Yes, it was in my head. It was in my head. Yes, that's how scary it is. I know these levels out of my head. That's a bad thing. Someone asked me, listen, when is a good time to short-fought on 60 cents? What?

00:41:09
How do you know that? 60 cents. How do you know that? I don't know, 60 cents. Oh, that's crazy, guys. That's sick. Okay, I need to find myself some help. I need to find myself some. But listen, listen, listen, listen, bro. Don't just go short it. It's a resistance level. Just keep in mind, use the Indy in the lower time frames, and then, you know, there you go. That fell off a cliff. It did fall off a cliff. Okay, so, guys, so thank you. I wanted to show you guys something. What was that? I was going to show you guys on this stream something. By the way, someone, let me do this one. This Mubarak thing, the CZ is getting crazy, I think. The CZ is losing his mind.

00:41:57
But that's not what I wanted to talk about. Broccoli. Whatever. There was another quote I wanted to talk about. Someone's asking me about jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly. whatever, teams, teams, four-hour. By the way, this was in the morning when I told you it's testing the four-hour, and someone told me, 'Listen, why wouldn't you loan it?' Now, I don't loan coins at the top. Am I interested in loaning this? I'm not saying that you cannot make money. I didn't say that. So if you are on the charts and you feel like loaning the crap out of it, be my guest, do whatever it is that you want to do. But I'm not interested in loaning coins that are at these levels. It doesn't matter what coin it is or what.

00:42:50
I don't give a crap. I don't loan coins at these levels. And I don't short coins at dumpy, at bottom levels over here. So over here, I don't short coins. And over here, I don't loan coins. And then you can tell me, well, MW, that's crazy shit what you're doing. Yes, it's that simple. How do you think I'm so successful in my trading? Because I've got my rules. Sometimes I go off my rules, but then it has to be like 10 other things showing me that, you know, I have to do what I have to do, you know, and just have to do what I have to do. That's the experience. So for you guys, you guys are here with me, you know, you can make a lot of money today.

00:43:35
Now they're coming to three hours. I know some price X is going to happen next, but listen. All of you have the indicator. Listen, the only thing that I'm telling you for now, before, by the way, you need to watch the leverage trading course. You have to watch it. But what is so hard in listening to this? Don't short altcoins at button formations and don't long altcoins at FOMO. You can long at FOMO using the Indy in a five minute to 50 minute. And you have to be on the charts. You have to be staying on the charts. Not like me going to some Jumeirah beach in the sun, getting my feet wet on the sea. Because that's not someone that is going to trade teams on a four hour Indy up, you know.

00:44:34
I've worked hard, I've been there 70-80-90 hours a day watching those damn screens and making money every freaking minute every freaking hour. I did that, done that. Now it's you, you have to do that. So Germany, Germania, Deutschland, Deutschland, der Mannschaft! Shout out to you guys for being the most followers of the GTC community, and NW. And yeah, well, respect to you guys. So there is a lot of potential there in Germany. By the way, I love you guys, all of you guys. Doesn't matter where you're from. I've got a lot of followers from the East Bloc. I've got followers from Turkey. I've got followers from India. I've got followers from Australia, New Zealand, from America, Canada. Also a lot from Canada, by the way. UK, a lot from UK.

00:45:25
I've got friends, a lot from France, Portugal. Or Mario the truck driver, but he's about the only one from Portugal; but no, no, there is another one from Brazil also Portugal, Brazil, so you know. Also from Africa, some Arabic countries, and now now there is you know, there is something happening over here um they are not yet on uh on my you cannot see them on my social media because these people they don't know me as MW yeah I know it's crazy stuff; there is a group of you know uh UAE Saudi uh Qatar Kuwait people uh that I'm working on some project and you know these guys, you cannot imagine these guys love me and you know and and you know what, what the good thing is about this is you know I can just use my name and everything it can.

00:46:24
Be myself, and you know. And this is also these guys, you know they are, you know there's a big community growing over here that are loving whatever it is that I'm doing with these guys, so but they don't know that I'm on W, so let's keep it that way. I love you, thanks for watching, have a nice one. Markets will open up, be very careful, let me show you guys this before we're gonna close it up, you guys. I know that you guys always want me to show you this, I know it. This is the maybe the most important part of the live stream, me talking like crap all day long, guys, we had this, we had this we had this four-hour boom close above it and then we came.

00:47:06
Over here, so we're bouncing over here, but listen, guys, it's just in my opinion-it's just temporary; it's just flushing out. I think that this thing will come into the red zone, it should have come into the red zone over here, they didn't push it up because of power, but there is no power, at least there's nothing. So, I think that this thing, you know, I think that it will travel maybe get even to the box, but this is the this is the zone; this is where we're going in my opinion, and you know, I could be wrong, and if I'm wrong, just-just burn me, I need to be wrong sometimes, right? I need to get it wrong sometime. So, be very careful, guys, I'm starting To take profits from uh, the Mw long ETF, so when I'm starting to take profits, you know what that means. I'll be focusing more on shorts and I'll be also waiting to buy back in. I love you! Thanks for watching, have a nice one.
*** Live Stream 03-27-2025 Altcoins I am eying to short soon ! *** 

00:02:22
Okay, hello, hello! Hope you guys can hear me. Everyone can hear me, hear me, hear me! Check, check, check, check, check-that's the old school music, okay Janice! Okay, the music was running, okay, that's the confirmation I need it so... Okay, okay, okay, good morning, morning! Yes, we can hear, okay, great! Salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa! So, what do we got? What do we got? Okay, guys, I think I'm gonna head into the the stream right directly. By the way, guys, um, you can share me your altcoins that you're eyeing that you're seeing... You know, MW, you really have to check this altcoin-this altcoin is going bananas! It needs your attention, so, you Can share those in the comments; I will check the comments uh later in the stream, let’s do our market update first of all, so first I want to talk about this, what is this What is this?

00:03:22
Every time, you know, a lot of times, you know, it's just funny to me. It's just funny. You know, at some point, it's just funny. You know, at some point, you know, all I can do is laugh. What else to do? You know, you can go cry or whatever it is that you want to do. But, you know, at some point, it’s just funny to me. This is just, you know, it's just, you know, it. What to say, look at this thing on the daily guys? I know we made a lot of money over here, we made a lot of money over here, but you know, you want us to keep making a lot of money, what's going on with you guys, what happened? It's really, you know.

00:04:11
I have nothing to say and you know. We can thank the Germans for this because I think that the DAX is pushing most of this, but it's, you know, where is that DAX? Where is it? Where is that DAX? Where is the DAX? Where is the DAX? I want to see the DAX. Where is the DAX? Why are you hiding? Don't hide from me, DAX. Where are you? Where is the DAX? Come over here. Germany. Germania. Germania. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. It's just safe. It's, you know. No, no, no. Look at this, guys. Look. Look, guys, this is Germania. This is Germania. This is the Mannschaft. So be proud. All the Germans in the chat, Janus, Salsra, no more. I forgot about the other ones, but, you know, these two. Be proud, guys.

00:05:06
Be proud. Be proud. This is your country, you know. This is your country. Your country doesn't give a crap about anyone or anything. You guys are DJs. You guys are DJs. So shout out to all the Germans. Germany, Deutschland. Deutschland, Deutschland, Deutschland, Deutschland. The team will probably hate this, but it's Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Look at this, guys. Look at this beauty. It's really mind-blowing. Up broke all the time, I come back, back, back, back, back, and then this big dump; retest this bullish, bullish upside breakout! This is the perfect this is just perfect, ta guys. We came back, retested, and then off she went, back made another test of this high, and up she went-this is on the three-month guy. This is you know, you know, guys, you know; I'm going to be honest with you.

00:06:08
I just, you know, I feel so good watching this. You know, my eyes start sparkling when I see this. I love this. This is my life, guys, what I'm looking at over here. I love, you know, when I'm seeing this; charts like this. I start smiling. I start, you know, I'm getting excited. You know, a lot of feelings coming to me, you know. Just like, you know, I don't know. Maybe if you will, you know, see like. Maybe some man sees a beautiful woman or whatever. He gets excited. This is how I get excited. This excites me when I look at this chart, you know. You know how much money we're watching over here. You cannot imagine how much money I'm looking at.

00:06:52
I know that most of you guys, when you look at this chart, you'll see, okay, well, whatever. X, okay, well, whatever. Went up, okay, well, whatever. That's not what I see. When I look at this chart, I see other stuff, you know. What I see is, you know, when you see, you know, when, how do you say this? Donald Duck, you got Donald Duck. I don't know how to say it in English. You got his uncle, the rich uncle. You know, when he jumps, like he's jumping into, jumping like into a, freaking in a pool, a pool of money and he's swimming. That's what I see. You know? For me, it's like this. This is the pool. This is the plank. You know, this is me. And I'm going to dive into that. You know, I'm going to dive into this money. We're going to dive into it.

00:07:56
That's how I see it. You know, that's what I see. That's, you know, this might be very crazy. Guys, I'm just giving an example. I'm not telling you to. Short decks or whatever easy don't, don't go, I'm just giving you a macro uh how I see the macro so when you see me, you know a lot of people they get excited when they see a Lamborghini, a lot of people they get excited when they, you know, whatever I get excited when I look at this chart, you know that's me I get excited when I see that. Because when I see this chart, I know. Dagobert Duck, is it? Yeah, it's Uncle Scrooge. But I don't know if it's in English. I know in Dutch I know it. But in English, it's Uncle Scrooge.

00:08:47
Uncle Scrooge. Okay, learn something. Dagobert Duck. Yeah, Dutch people know the Dagobert Duck. But it's Scrooge McDuck. Yeah, Scrooge McDuck. Yes. Deutschland. Deutschland. Deutschland. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Benjamin Burke. Benjamin Burke is not that bullish, I think. Benjamin Burke is like, well, we're fucked. Listen, I'm more Swiss than German. Okay, okay. Well, Salsara is more Swiss than German. Okay, okay. At this point. Okay. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Hey, Mannschaft. you know the more they pump it up the more happy I would be you know so Germania come on Germania you can do it just keep going so I want to show you guys something else by the way you know every day I give you guys a little bit of insights to give you guys you know a little bit on the financial markets you know you're gonna get you know you have to see it like this you're gonna get that

00:09:57
pill to get you out of the matrix every day every day i show you things that you will not find anywhere else maybe in the beginning if you're new here you probably don't get it probably what the freak is mw talking about i'm only here for my shit going just just tell me about my shit going mw what the freak are you talking about with all these macro analyzes decks bx wax works we don't give a crap tell me about my shit going I will get to your shit Going in a moment. Just wait a minute. Egg minute. Egg minute. Wait a minute. We need to do this. So, I was eyeing the VIX. What is it while I was watching the VIX? There was something that came into my mind.

00:10:45
I already explained to you guys about the Beverly Hills gang. In my streams, you always get the info. You get the things that nobody tells you. So, I already explained to you guys about the Beverly Hills gang, you know. You know, the guy that has got a trading account of 10 million bucks because his daddy is a part of the system and he has got a big chunk of the printed money that they keep printing. So, that's the Beverly Hills group, you know. So. These guys, they keep, they keep, they keep, you know, there is a big group short, short, short of VIX. It's a group short of VIX. And it's something that, you know, today, you know, I do a lot of things, you know, but also when I'm, sometimes I'm just sitting in my chair, my beautiful chair that I didn't show you guys, by the way, I love my chair, my new chair, but I'm sitting, you know, and I just open up these shots and start looking at them.

00:11:55
The freak is going on. and something that came into my mind today is that that this beverly hills uh gang they get paid they get paid they get paid they always have a target so the target is over here this is their target so this is their cash they cash in paid paid paid paid paid they're now getting paid they go back they're getting paid they've got them paid they've got them paid they've got them paid they've got them paid over here they were sorry this one no this was not paid they had to wait for this one so over here they got them paid this one they had to wait for here to get paid so over here is the same story but like more than 90 of the times these guys are getting paid look at this paid paid they got them paid they got them paid

00:12:57
uh over here they got them paid so like more than 90 of the times guys these Guys are getting paid, you know how sick this is, you know, guys! I'm always looking for how to make gains, I'm always looking for how to make money. You have to keep in mind I'm not against this Beverly Hills gang. I'm not against the syndicate. I'm not against scammers. Well, I am against scammers. The shilling scammers. Those ones, I'm against them. But I'm not against the bulls. I'm not against the bears. The only thing that I care about is guys. How to make the safest guys. That's all I care about. I'm independent. I'm not with the Dems. I'm not with the Reps. I'm independent. I have no, you know, I have no votes.

00:13:50
I have no, you know, I don't care. The only thing that I care about is how to make gains, how to make money. That's all I care about. If it's with the Dems, I'll be with the Dems. If it's with the Reps, I'm with the Reps. I don't give a crap. Because what I'm eyeing over here is that these fakes, if it runs up, it's always, they always come back to this zone. You keep coming back at this, so do you know how sick this is? Because this is now the point, just like the DAX. Why I went from the DAX to the VIX? Because it's madness. Because this, where is that DAX? Where is that DAX? Look at this, guys. Because I'm now, let me put it on the monthly.

00:14:31
I'm putting it on the monthly. Are you seeing this? Are you serious, my bro? Are you serious, man? Look at this. So, Mannschaft, der Mannschaft, der Mannschaft, a lot of presidents and premiers or whatever it is, look at der Mannschaft. Just look at der Mannschaft. I know that these guys can build a lot of cars and they build a lot of technology and tech, and Deutschland is Deutschland, der Mannschaft. They're great in whatever it is that they do. So, I respect that. I love Germany also, by the way. But Germany is, Rob, Rob. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. This was the Corona Crush and then Rob, Rob. This Corona Crush, by the way, my sweet. Then we had over here in 2022, together with the financial markets, we had this decline.

00:15:17
Then, okay, back. And then we had over here, 2023, a little bit. Gone. This thing is gone. This thing is at the moon. Let me give you the moon. This thing is at the moon. We'll reach the moon. The Dax reached the moon. So, Mr. Daxi, why am I showing you this? Let me show you why I'm showing you this. It's on the monthly. Why am I showing you this? Because this bounce up is what brings the VIX down. But this move is mind-blowing. The only move that I'm seeing is this one. So you have to keep in mind that whatever it is they are doing over here, they could do it longer. Like they did over here. Not over here. Only this one. And this one. So they could keep doing this.

00:16:32
Now comes the trick. I'm showing you the DEX now, but it's not about the DEX. We're not going to trade the DEX. I'm showing you this because in crypto it's the same. And let me tell you why it's the same. Because it doesn't matter how bearish you are about the DEX, because what is moving this price up? This price is moved up by the fact that people are bearish about the DEX. Because Germany is in a recession. Officially in a recession. So when you got the narrative of Germany in a recession. Does that mean that means that we can pump the markets up now? Why? Because we can pump it up on ourselves. We don't have to take a lot of retail people with us. Why? Because retailers, they read the news.

00:17:17
Retailers, they watch their favorite economic channel, whatever it is, and they're going to watch it and they're going to tell them, 'Listen, we are in a recession.' So that means that. If they're in short, they will close it if they are owning stocks they're gonna sell them if they have some money in it they're gonna do it okay and then that's when the super wheels will take over okay people are out, it means that we are going in and when people go in it means that we are going out, that's the game played and they got the media is the one that is ruling your sentiment in your mind. And it doesn't matter if it's about economics or it's politics or it's whatever.

00:18:05
The world is ruled by a big group of people that rule the media. And the media is what rules your mind. They rule your sentiment. It's just what it is. And you can have another, you know, you can think, well, whatever, no, no. No need to discuss me. No need to argue with me. Because these are just facts. And the moment that you're not seeing this means that you're not objective. And when you're not objective, you're even more lost than I thought you were. This is it. People go out, you know, then we go in. And when people come in, that's when we go out. That's how it works. So if you have to first, you need to acknowledge this to be a winner.

00:18:52
Because if you are in a denial and you are, you know, you're in the matrix you know you're like okay no no no no persistent you will not be a winner it will not happen it will not happen you will always stay that loser that you all functionally are. You can, by the way, if you're a loser, if you are losing, nothing to be ashamed of it's normal why because you have been born in the system and the system has you know since you are young they teach you who the bad guys are in the world they They teach you who the good guys are in the world. They teach you that you have to go to school. They teach you that you have to work hard.

00:19:30
They teach you that you have to go once a time in a year on vacation. They teach you what religions are good, what religions are bad. They teach you that they teach you everything they want to teach you. That's the system. That's how they rule your mind without even having to touch it. So even without a vaccine, they can rule your mind. That's the power of the media. That's the power of the media and everything, especially now because we used to be young and, you know, we didn't have any smartphones and, you know, we had a television. But now, especially with social media, for sure that we can expose a lot more now. But they also, you know, they own the social media. It's not that they rule it.

00:20:22
they own it they own social media now so they own all the so they will only show you what they want to show you and uh yeah they will get you wrecked that's what they do that's the whole purpose of everything so we're at the moon we're at the moon we're in the moon so uh let me go and do some enough about this i talked a little bit too much about so let me go a little bit uh in it uh so we are in the box by the way guys you have to be careful over here uh so they're you know when they move they move strong and that's what they're doing now so uh also by the way guys uh this ramp up is a little bit trump is helping them a little bit it's guys it's it begins to get a little bit scary to me because why trump is now the market talking about inside trading Trump is the market.

00:21:16
So if Trump wants to give the market a bullish, a bullish push, he's going to say, oh, well, maybe I'm going to slow it down with this terrorist. And if he wants to dump the market, he says, 'Oh, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to make even more. I'm going to push it up. It's every day another story. Today it's, you know, I'm going to push the market.' more terrorists that the day after maybe i'm gonna slow it down this is how he's ruling the markets do you know how dangerous that is do you know how sick that is do you know how how incredible it is that nobody's talking about this do you know that it's incredible that this is even possible if you got one guy he rules about if you are gonna be in a loss or in a game

00:22:09
because he just tweets like okay well you know what i'm gonna put even more tariffs on a lot more companies so i'm gonna make inflation even go up more or no you know what today i feel good i'm in a good mood you know melanie gave me a good night you know i'm gonna slow down on some tariffs today you're sick this is okay so for now this is the resistance level by the way guys let me show you on the indie The Indy goes together beautifully with this resistance zone. So this is the zone to break, 5-8. So they're pushing over here. Trump is helping them a bit. So over here is where we're going to be very careful, guys. And it's also on a lot of altcoins.

00:22:52
It's the same story. The testing that they indicate, it's all connected, guys. It's moving together. So, for now, I'm eyeing this level. For me, you know my style. As long as we're below it, we're below it. And we have to remain bearish on the markets. Uh, globally so uh, maybe we're gonna test this as a battery test then we're coming still, this remains my target uh, so nothing is changing um and I have to say it's pretty uh, it's pretty, pretty, uh, uh, it's pretty, I'd say it's pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty amazing how they are pushing the market but there is an explanation why they're doing this now, temporary bye, it has

00:23:36
to do with this quarterly expiries, the quarterly expiries are because you have to let me, let me show you, let me show you this one, uh, let me show you this one, this one, this candle is going to close, guys I know most of you guys will probably whatever why are you talking about mw, well this candle is going to close, guys, I've seen over here, six days and eight hours, This candle is going to close, this is the quarterly candle, this candle is going to close and you've got some expiries also on the stocks, indices or whatever, so that's when the manipulation will be at its top, so while we already dumped a bit, they might want to ramp it up to get out alive, so they might push the prices even more up these coming days.

00:24:32
Keep that in mind about this expires and it's the same by the way for Bitcoin, Bitcoin also has got an expiry, very important one, very big one at 28th of March. So they were probably also because there are a lot of calls around the 100k level. They might want to push it up. So he is a guy; You have to keep in mind that trading the couple of next couple of before this expiry. So until Until end of March, until 1st of April, you have to be very careful with your trading portfolio. This is not the time to be a hero. What does this mean? When I say this says that, you know, there is a trade set up when there is something and, you know, there are gains, you have to take them.

00:25:19
You know, like, you know, I shared something about teams yesterday. It says the profits and then it went up. You have to keep in mind that those profits are taken, that's the MW style, that's GDC stuff. So when you see another PNO if even if you you know I'll share them, it's in red but it's in red, that's another trade there's already profits taken so it went in. You take the profits and then you're gonna do it all over again. It's just like I keep showing you guys on Twitter, you know, so this is very, very important because the coming five six days if if you know if they decide to push the markets

00:25:54
up, if Bitcoin, the wheels that are looking for to save their calls will push a big spike up of 5k-10k candle up because it could happen because when this happens, it's you know there's you can say nothing more about it's not about ta, it's not about logic, it's all about uh, all about the super wheels trying to save their asses. That's what's going to happen. So you have to keep this in mind, guys. This is very dangerous. And, you know, the long ETF is still running in really massive, massive gains. We only took profits on Fartcoin and we took some profits on SPX because those were really big. Like COTI, I saw a lot of them. They are running in 70%, 80%, 60%.

00:26:44
There are a lot of coins running in huge P&Ls. I'm holding them for now. I'm not taking profits on them for now. The only two that I took profits from was Fart Coin and SPX because they just ramped up too much, and you know, I think that it's time that they retrace. But for now so this is now it's it's the moment of these expiries-this expires 28th of March, so uh what is it? What is it? 28 where are we, where are we? So uh, so it's over here, it's over here. So over here, we already I told you, we closed above the indie. So this means that you know, it's the bulls are back, the bulls are in power, and then you can tell what MW we were bulls over here.

00:27:30
Yes, exactly, this is what we bought in, opened up our positions but over here, is when the bulls might want to push this up even more until this event. So this is what you're going to get. So keep this in mind, keep this in mind that if the markets hold at some point they might push it up because we are far from their target is I think it was 100k over here, that's a long story, that's a lot. So if they're gonna push it, they could push it very hard and this is a 15 oh, it's a lot. So I'm you know, it's just too dangerous at this point to uh, to go let me tell you this-let me tell you this, it's not dangerous.

00:28:11
You have to just understand the style you have to understand how it works so let me let me tell you how it works. This is how it works, so we know that over here is the expired, okay fine. We know that they might want to push it up to this level, this 100k level, okay so fine. We also know this already, so what does that mean? Does mean that it means that, how are we going to trade this? We got to trade this, that if if this thing comes anything close it breaks above So this is level number one and this is level number two. So we're going to prepare for level number one. So the ones that FOMO pump to these levels, this is where short number one happens.

00:28:53
And then you got number two. This is number two. This is level number two. So this is when short number two will happen. So this is how you trade this. This is how you prepare for it. This is if you want to short it. So for the longs, longs is another story. For the longs, you're going to just look for the right ones, look for the ones that are still low, and you're going to follow them up on the index. But let me tell you this, you have to follow the volume clues. I'm going to do, by the way, I think tomorrow, I think tomorrow, I think that I will do tomorrow a live stream on the volume clues again.

00:29:31
So we're going to chase for the chase traders, not chase trading for the short during for the low time from trades. So I'm going to talk about a lot of altcoins that are shining on volume and market makers are manipulating them up. So we're going to do that one. So this is the day that this is the preparation I'm preparing you guys. So this will be Friday. So next Friday, it's what is it? Three days. So three days. Let me tell you this. Teams will short if this thing spikes up. They will open up a lot of shorts. They will open up huge shorts. Me personally, I will close more than 90% of my long ETF. So that's what I will do. I will close more than 90% of my long ETF.

00:30:19
It will get closed. Not now, if this thing will reach these levels. So if we're going to get this ramp up, if we're going to touch the 93 or are we going to touch the 100, getting close to it or whatever? I don't care. More than 90% of my loan ETF will get closed. Huge profits by that time, I think. I think that by that time, it will be really, really big. So that's scenario number one. Scenario number two is the team will start opening a lot of shorts if it will reach this level. How much is this? Seven percent so we're gonna reach this is when they start if this rumps up even more, tries to get over it we don't care if it's white or in the red we don't care.

00:31:03
They will only add more, more, and more, and more to their shorts you know it sounds very, very, very scary what I'm saying now but you know it's just what it is that's what I do. That's what I do. And then probably Helena will make a vid about this. Probably Helena will make a vid about this again. Well, let me tell you this, my bro. You know, MW is your mate, Warren Buffett on cash. I think that Warren Buffett is buying some other stuff at this moment. He's into some other markets, but it's something we're going to talk about in another bit, not today. We don't have the time for this. But my buddy, my buddy, Warren Buffett, he knows what he's doing, bro. He knows what he's doing. Just like, what is it? Who never regrets taking profits? Who is regretting taking profits? Who is this? Is this someone emotional?

00:32:29
What is the signal? Nothing, nothing, bro. You can, you can, you can, you can, you can, Nicholas, you can just. What is this picture that you got, bro? What the freak is this? Oh my God. Let me go to another one. No, the colors don't mean crap. Doesn't mean anything and w watching Ampura, this is a coin I don't know where also here I'm just learning how to speak, okay, so enough guys, enough about this. So let me go to the to the output all the coins I wanted to show you guys actually, the back, see I wanted to show you guys dominance; I want to show you guys Bitcoin dominance; I want to show you guys a lot of stuff today, but it's too much, it's too much, it's too much to handle this in one life, so I'm gonna save it for tomorrow.

00:33:23
Tomorrow remember me, please, I'm gonna talk about them, so uh also the DXY, by the way; DXY here; I want to talk about a lot you know, you know, this is now the difference since we are as Patreons, we are on this Telegram group, um; I do a lot of educational stuff in the market analyze, so it's It's super important this because this will give you guys the Power, the energy, the solid stuff to become better traders and investors. That's why I do that. You know, it's priceless, by the way, to get this from me. But, you know, there are also market options. Market options just go through it. And those will come very soon. Right, Salsara? Salsara in the chat? Well.

00:34:12
we will get those on the open youtube channel right it's also okay salsa is not saying anything okay okay whatever okay mw glorious bosses we love you okay i love you too bro so um let's see let's see let's see uh yeah we got we're gonna do that we're gonna do that we're gonna do them let's first of all start with teams teams ah teams teams is arriving is arriving at my first level that i'm eyeing this is the first level that i'm eyeing guys our teams teams by the way guys there is something very important about these teams that i want to explain so teams is a mean point and for the new especially for the new ones in here the new ones in here you have to understand something you have to understand because You know, we made a new high over here that we had this scamming dump down and then now dropping up.

00:35:12
Keep in mind that, you know, these coins like chips, these meme coins, you know, this price action gets ruled by one group of people. You understand how dangerous it is if you don't know how to trade when you're trading against one group of people. Why am I saying one group of people? They decide. If this coin is going to pump or dump. And then you've got me making these futuristic resistance zones. But that's just, you know, that's me doing my thing. And, you know, it's very crazy how I knew a lot of them. But, you know, I could also get it wrong. Because why? Because they decide. If they want to ramp this thing up to $0. 25, they can. Nothing is going to stop them. Not my red zone over here.

00:36:07
Nothing but now comes the thing we are traders, so we are traders, so at some point with a lot of experience and skills, you know. You can start measuring when these guys will get exhausted and it's not about getting exhausted when these guys will start getting greedy because these guys-nobody's more greedy than that group of people, because they you know they have a target in mind, you know. Then then they go but at some point they're going to take profits; they will, so it doesn't matter if it's over here or they're going to take profits over here or they're going to take profits over here over here or maybe over here, but they're going to take profits and when they're going to take profits-up it goes very hard, I'm.

00:36:54
Not saying it’s like an auction, but it goes very hard when they take profits; it could go very hard so it doesn’t matter if it’s from here or it’s from here or it’s from here or it’s from here, but they gotta take profits that’s what they’re gonna do. So, meaning, what does that mean? If you own the skills to chase trade, you gotta make money with them. The only thing is, is the more they ramp it up, the less profits you gotta make. So, first of all, so let me give you an example; yes, yes, guys, Chase Trading course with Will come out... when? Ask Janice and Alpima. They can tell you when. So, let's say that my starting point is over here.

00:37:41
I showed you, by the way, a P &L on Twitter in red. That's just, you know, that's nothing. Now, reaching these levels, that's when the real P &L will come. That's when the real money will flow in, the starting money. So what happens is over here, you think to yourself, okay, you know what? You know, I'm going to do it. I'm going to go in. I'm going to start. And then you're going to start in. If this thing goes up, if it goes down, a retrace from here, well, congrats, you secure those profits. Secure them just in case it wants to do like this. So over here on this way up. And this is a lot of money, by the way. So you secure those profits over here.

00:38:24
And then when you go up again, then over here you start going in again. And if it even goes higher, you start going in again. All right, got it? And then they do whoop. And then this is where you're going to cash again, this is your money, money. But if guys, if you're new in here, please don't do this. You have to be trained; you have to be watching training course with one leverage because it's one and two-you have to understand how you do this, you have to know how to leverage trade. So just don't don't do this because you think, oh well yeah whatever, my way's got a nice red box, well I'm gonna gamble on it that it's gonna get rejected there, and you know what, uh if it goes higher, we're probably going to get liquidated as well.

00:39:01
I tried. That's not how it works, guys. That's gambling. Don't gamble. Don't gamble. Trade like a professional. We trade as professionals. That's what we do. We make money; we don't miss; we don't lose. That's what we do. That's what we do. That's at least what I'm trying to educate you guys every day, step by step, step by step. Every day I'm going to learn you guys more and more and more. You can also do it the safe way, the Alpiman way. The Alpiman way is like this, guys. This takes a lot of work; you have to be focused. You have to be on the charts. You have to be dedicated. That's how you can make money this way. Until you're going to catch it, that's when you put on the indicator.

00:39:41
You're going to put it, for example, on the 50 minutes. Just saying like over here. You see? So over here, indicator. Above it, back, back, back. Momentum. Okay, over here is your entry. You're in a long. Long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long. And then over here, you're probably, okay, well, wait a minute. MW is preparing maybe for a short over here, so I'm not going to take profits from this long. So I'm just going to get out. I'm not going to risk it. Maybe even going to flip some into a short. But, you know, you're just in, in, in. And what you're going to do is over here, listen, the bullish momentum, because we're above average in the one hour over here, as you guys can see, we're up, up, up, up, up.

00:40:22
So you're going to just go on a five-minute or a 50-minute, whatever it is that you desire. When we flip when he closed below it, that's your entry And then put on a stop-off above the indie and that's how you go you go go go until some point boom You're gonna see the big dump happen This is the Altman way and this is also a very good way But this is the way that you that you that you should by the way Altman he DM me today He had me today that his boss at work gave him trading book a book about trading or whatever he told me this my boss has no

00:41:01
clue what i do outside of my work so he gave him he told him listen here a book of trading go read it a big waste of your time in my opinion but who am i the judge if you want to read books well read as much books as you want my opinion is get your hands dirty and get into the game you know i feel how it feels like because you can read a lot of crap in a book, but if you are in any trade, you can't control your greed and your emotions, that book is not going to help you. That's something that's for sure. So keep this in mind, guys. So this is if you want to trade it on the low end, wait for confirmation, especially for the GTC members in here.

00:41:40
GTC members, the paid group members that are in this live stream. When the team tells you that they are chase trading a coin, And they tell you, if you don't know how to chase or you're not experienced, just do it on a confirmation. Do it on a confirmation, either on a 15 minutes or on a five minutes. So you just wait. Just like over here, for example, this one closes below it. Then this is your entry. And this is when you get out. You take a small loss and then you wait. You wait for it. Until it until it closes below it, you're going to end. Because at some point, they're going to dump it down. It's going to happen. Do you want it or not? It's going to happen.

00:42:17
It's just going to happen. So I can say that enough. enough about about about about about about that one so let me go to this one peanut uh peanut well whatever now we got jelly jelly jelly jelly jelly well by the way i'm gonna do i'm gonna do your guys we're gonna do the auction by the auction is just you know it's still running the team still has got 30 running uh mind-blowing fart coin by the way also guys listen you have to just see it like this you know I gave you this target. So if you shorted this, and I know that many of you shorted it, boom, congrats. But you have to keep in mind, and you know, I cannot keep, you know, I'm not over there on Twitter going to hold your hands 24 hours, 24 seven.

00:43:01
No, you guys are matured. I'm not over here to give you signals. I give you directions. I give you trade setups. I give you targets, which are most of the times even better than signals, but you know, whatever. But I also give you the best I can give you for myself is my indicator. So my indicator always, when you, for example, short this, if this thing gets into the indicator, you take profits. You decrease at least 50%, 75% of your position. You know, that's why it's so important that you guys watch those leverage trading course feeds. You know, you guys all have this. So if you nil this target, you made, you know, this is a lot of money. Fartcoin is a cash machine. You can make sick money.

00:43:46
You know, I've got members. I've got, you know, they go in so heavy on Fartcoin. It's really mind-blowing. I know people that go heavy on Fartcoin even more than on Bitcoin. It's madness. But, you know, whatever. This thing, you have to keep in mind that you get to the indicator, you take profits. And when the bounce happens, you might re-enter. So now I'm going to the coins of you guys. I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to. Yeah, I will tell you so this is a good question. So how much time do I got? I've got maybe like Fifteen minutes. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you I never read a book in my life, bro So II it's it's I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you this straightforward to you If you follow me for a while and you agreed that I'm about the best trader on the webs.

00:44:37
I never read a book in my life You know, I tried to read one book when I was young. It was, in Dutch, it was Charly in the Chocolate Factory or whatever. You guys know it. And, you know, I managed to read like one-third of the book and then I couldn't read because I've got a problem. My problem is this. When I read something, I can read maybe the first page. The second page, I don't remember what I'm reading. I've got this from... So I have to visualize everything. I have to, you know, I have to see everything in numbers. I have to connect dots. That's how I remember things. That's how my brain works. My brain cannot read a book.

00:45:23
So because of me not being able to read a book, does it mean that you guys should also not read a book? No. Read books. Read books. I would suggest reading a lot of books from, if there are any books about. About my role model in life is Warren Buffett. But, you know, if it's about trading, you know, I cannot give you any advice because I don't know what's in those books. You know, there was one guy, he told me, listen, can I write a book of your life or from your trading and how you become a trader, how you become an analyst, how you become successful? Can I read that? I told him, yes, you can, but not now. Can I wait? Wait. I didn't fulfill my goals yet.

00:46:05
My goal is. To teach as many as possible retailers in crypto, being successful in crypto, against the machine, against the system, against the shellers, against the scammers. When I reach that goal, and there are enough people, and I've got enough, the community is strong enough, that's when you can write that book down. It's no problem. Let's see. So it's, Salsa has got the same problem as me, I think. Yes, you know, this is the strange part of it. If I watch a movie, I can, you know, I can watch a movie. Remember, I love to watch movies or documentaries or whatever. But, you know, I cannot read a book. It's very strange. It's so strange. So, over here, okay, we've got news. We've got news from Alpiman. Hello, I'm listening here at work.

00:46:58
I had to jump in and correct MW. The book is The Trading Game. Now that's sure book I started listening on the drive to work. Oh, well, congrats. I'll be was so happy for you, bro. The book is The Trading Game; I hope you learned something from that one. So let me go to the altcoins CZ gang versus ago-how did you pick that level? Let's just say I'm sick Rob, I'm sick. I don't know. Layer. Okay, so let me go do layer. I've seen Helena talking about layer a lot. Need to check this layer part. Layer going to be on my radar. Layer, where are you? Layer, where are you? Layer. Oh, nice. Pump. Ah, yes. Layer. What is layer? Oh. Oh. Damn.

00:48:03
Okay, okay, okay, I'm seeing the Hobbit duck again, I'm seeing if this some Solana crap, this is something Solana related, I think I'm not, I think it's so long oh oh Guys, you know, this is, oh, this is the auction. These are the Koreans, guys. These are the Koreans. These are the Koreans. Oh, this is the auction. So they jumped from auction. They went into layer now. Oh, bro. Whoa, whoa, whoa. How did I miss this? Oh, Helena. I saw that you talked about on Twitter, but I was just too busy. Oh, this is the same gang. Guys, the same gang that is the same of auction are the same ones that are pumping this again. This is the same people. These are the people that like to hit the reverse buttons.

00:49:19
these are the people that like to you know oh elena so i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love i just love it that you showed us this let me watch my other screen uh so this is the the okay this is them okay oh oh oh it's already dumping how are the funding rates how are the funding rates let me see the funding rates what are the funding ways what are the funding rates doing Oh, let me see, let me see. Oh, I was wondering where are those Koreans? What are they pumping now? They're pumping layer. That's where they are. That's where you are. That's where you are. And you didn't even send me a message that you were going to do it.

00:50:09
So, so, so layer, so layer, so layer, so layer. Crap, is this so layer? Oh. Okay it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad ah okay okay I need to guys I need I need some time I don't have a lot of time because we're almost breaking all-time high over here so I don't own a lot of time but uh I need some time to analyze this properly but uh let's just say that this coin is number one on my list now We reached this level, by the way. The funding rates are red. So it surprises me that the team, did the team share this in their paid group, by the way, guys? This should be one of those coins that the team will share.

00:51:09
This is one of those coins that the team, I think that the team should share this coin to their members. Is this why you're asking me about this coin? I think that the team, they should have shared this coin with them. This is by the way guys, this is uh Kabish, this is a Kabish, this is it as long as this thing does not break above 147. 3 uh boom boom, that's all that I have to say but you know the the big problem here is you know the big problem here is, is when the Koreans are involved um if suppose I'm gonna I'm gonna explain guys this, Suppose that I would say something about this openly. If too many people will start shorting, this is also, this could, how do I explain this?

00:52:02
This could have an opposite reaction. Because when too many people are going to short this and they don't know how to short, they don't know how to. manage their risk management, how to make sure that they will not get liquidated, use cross, et cetera, then you get these liquidations because they push price a little bit hard up. And then you get this liquidation. When this liquidation happens, it's also when the price will pop up very fast. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. When you see price go like this, so suppose over here, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, and then it goes like this, just like we saw an auction, by the way, like this. So when you see this, oh, let me remove all of this, by the way.

00:52:46
So when you see this, you see this spike up, this one over here, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. This was liquidation. This was liquidation. So that's something. So that's why you have to be really, you know, you just have to be educated by me. You have to listen to me. It's not only watching my leverage training course vids. It's also acting based on them. So, you know, okay, MW, I'm sorry. Okay. We watched your leverage training course, but, you know, the greed emotions took over and, you know, and we lost money. Okay. No problem, no problem, no problem. At least you've seen how to not do it. So now you have to focus on how you should do it. And how you should do it is explained on those leverage trading prospects.

00:53:23
And also in this live stream, by the way, I keep showing you guys a lot of stuff. But, you know, layer. Oh, my God, I love you. I love you for showing me layer. I'm going to spend some time on layer. So first of all, now, you know, we are in the red zone. So the short could have been opened over here. DCA short. It could have all started over here. The fundings are still red, but in my opinion, this is for a Chase trade; the ones that know how to chase it. It all starts over here; this is the starting level; this is when you know you have to fight back at some point so boom, boom, you have to fight back at some point.

00:53:56
This is one of those points where risk rewarded; you could enter so let's see, let's see. I think that the team uh already shared it to that team; I already have no clue but uh if they didn't uh well uh it might be time might be time for chaser. But listen, guys, while I'm telling you Chase trade uh the alt P man way, the M W safe way uh you don't go in this coin until we got a solid confirmation below the indie so keep that in mind especially let me see; in the five minute, see the five minute is holding you. See, we tested it. Hold test, hold so only then is where you enter is the best 15 minute by the way 15 minute because 15 minute has been holding over here from What was it?

00:54:38
From yesterday. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yesterday. Oh, no, not yesterday. Yes, yesterday, yes. Yesterday. So you have to keep in mind that this thing you see is pushing. As long as it's above it, this is chase trading. You have to own the skills of chase trading. But if you want to get into this one, I would keep an eye on this one. I would keep, you know, this is in the top three coins now, short. You have to just be patient and strike at the right time. Strike at the right time. Strike it. If you're chase trading it, fine. if you're not chase trading it keep this alarm put your

00:55:09
alarms in if you get an invalidation fun fun fun that's what you got to do by the way i want to see something else on this coin also oh what is it what is it i love this coin this is really this is really a j straight coin this is just one of those j straight so i really hope that the team will share this to their members Because those are the most experienced ones. They know how to chase trade. Because this is, in my opinion, one of the best chase trades you could take. This is one of the best Chase trades you could take. Let me check, by the way. Why am I not checking? Let me check. Let me check. Let me check. Oh, I've got only five minutes left.

00:55:51
Let me check. Where are you? Where are you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's very strange. That's very strange. No, they're not. No this team are they afraid if one of you is watching my live stream why? Why oh why I think they will. I think they will jump. It is so bad. It is so bad. So yeah, I think we're going to test it. I think based on based on but this thing, this is one of the best chase trades to take in my opinion. This is if you know manage how to chase trade. This is just a cabbage. This is chase trading. This is it. This is the chase trade I love it. So if this thing breaks a new high, by the way, guys, the markets will allow this.

00:57:00
Listen, if the markets of Bitcoin starts rising up, just like I told you, this thing will probably just go up. This thing will go bananas. It will break all-time high and go up. That's what I think. But let me just say this. If you own the skills to chase, you have to hope that it happens. You cannot imagine how much money you're going to make. So if this thing breaks above, you know, no problem, you chase it, you enter over here, and then, okay, now we're gonna get the money in okay 160 next 170 waxed 180 next you're gonna go in because you cannot imagine this is an investment this is like i've teaching you guys a lot of times so you got coins like let me show you guys points like this where you're you know in accumulation zone like over here this this chart is really a mess let me all of this so you know when when

00:57:51
you know when you are like oh i think that i think that article will go up okay you start accumulating you buy you buy you buy you buy you buy you know so when this thing rockets up this is this is when this thing so that's new so when this thing rockets up this is where you're gonna cash in it's the same story over here this Is the same story, this is the same story if this thing breaks up fine come on bring it up just bring it up, make a new high, we're gonna do it because this is just you investing your money to cash it out over here. Okay guys, I really have to close it up because we uh we run out of time.

00:58:36
I would you know I'm gonna be honest with you guys, I could keep doing this with you guys for like another two three four hours but you know I've got obligations I've got other things I've got a personal life I've got things to do. But you know I hope everyone is okay and I hope that you guys are gonna make a lot of money again, but keep in mind that we are at this moment. Just freedom, very good, very good! I was going to chart it in a moment, but I just don't have to type so you have to check the key, R, W, uh chart by the way, guys. Uh, I just don't have the time for now, I just don't have the time and uh

00:59:30
Alpiman, does your book show us how to test?

00:59:38
Oh, my God, this is so funny! This is so funny! Okay, well, guys, you know what to do. Just keep in mind, guys, before we're going to close it up, keep in mind that this thing is still ramping up. Let me put it on the. Be very careful with this expiry, that's why I told you, I'm telling you, listen, this thing is still pushing! This thing is still pushing. When this thing is pushing, it could help those bulls push up even more. So you have to, the size, the size matters. Now is the size. It's all about the size. Because as long as markets keep pushing, as long as Bitcoin keep pushing, the Koreans will also keep pushing. They might dump it down at some point, but it's just too dangerous.

01:00:14
So it's size. The odds are against shorts now. You have to keep this in mind. Why am I saying this? Because this is how you regulate the size of your position. Now, when the odds are with you, you can, that's why you size more. Okay. Because the odds are with me. But now, it's not. Because markets are pushing markets. US 500 is above the Indy pushing. You got the European stocks, a little bit rigid since what is this, why so you have you have to keep this in mind, guys. The markets are against what's bitcoin doing by the way it's going to block you, they see bitcoin yeah you know this is the problem with this thing.

01:01:04
Above the indie is always the bulls are marching, the bulls are much, we're gonna get into some turbulence over here I know but still the bulls are marching, Bulls are, you see it over here? It's you know, it's it's like it's a copy of the US 500. It's you know, it's creepy, creepy. Let me put on the one I'm looking the same you see it's the same, It's just the same. So if someone tells you that Michael Saylor or crypto people are ruling their Bitcoin chart, The ones that follow me already know this; the only one that rules the Bitcoin chart is Wall Street. Wall Street rules the Bitcoin chart. And I've showed you guys this again and again and again and again and again and again.

01:01:44
And I'm getting a little bit tired of showing a lot of people this-it's what Wall Street rules the Bitcoin chart. Have a nice one. Thank you all for watching. Have a bye-bye. Ciao. Come on, Korea. We're going to see it. We're going to see it in a moment. We're going to see it in a minute. Thank you, Edward. Edward, I agree with you. Sometimes I make these live streams, and you know, after the live stream, I think to myself, this is one of those great live streams. Because I'm sharing a lot of stuff that you should connect so you can, because, you know, you can tell me that you like won 10 trades, you know, and you lost one. But it's about the size.

01:02:32
Because you can lose nine trades, you can win only one, but if you size that one very good and those nine not, you're still a big winner. So it's all about the size. So when the odds are against you and you're going to short something or chase trade or whatever, you're going to do it low size. Don't oversize. Low size. Easy. Because why? Because you have to see it like this. So if you are a layer, And you see that the alts are against you. And you know, okay, this thing, MW is very clear about it. And when MW is clear about it, that's enough for me. So what happens is, but wait a minute, although MW is right, but while the alts are against me, I have to start calculating in that we're going to hit targets like 180.

01:03:20
We could hit targets like two bucks. It's possible. So you have to be prepared for that. So if you're going to enter over here, And I think that the team should enter over here. Those bloody fucks. So if you're going to enter over here, you have to be prepared for these levels. So if this thing decides, I want your entry that was over here needs to be over here. And if this thing pops up over here, then I want that this entry has to be over here. It might sound a little bit crazy. It's about the size. So when you see that the odds are against you, it's all about sizing. You size it slowly. And when the odds are with you, that's when you can, you know, okay, although I'm prepared for two bucks, but I will size myself more over here because the odds are in my favor. I know it's sick, but that's why I'm sick. You know, I know it's sick what I'm telling you guys. You know, it's so many things. This, that, top, top, top, top, top, top. Oh, MW Maker is crazy. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. Love you all. Bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 03-27-2025 Altcoins ready to Dump !! *** 

00:03:44
Welcome, welcome, welcome, MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome, retail firm. Welcome, retail firm. This is the music of money. Money sounds like this. This is the sound of money. And when you hear this sound, you know, oh, we're probably getting paid somewhere, somehow. I don't know.

00:04:14
crazy crazy guys you guys are crazy you guys are crazy okay well yes yeah yeah you know what you know you know it's it's just what it is when you know when you work hard when you make money as a result uh you have every reason to be happy about you have every reason to be singing listening to music do whatever it is that you like to do because you know you have to always prepare for what's coming and you know when you're prepared because you know a lot of people they're they're trading or they're investing in the middle of the in of the heat you know they're inside of now you have to see it like this as a big pot of whatever you're cooking out there and you're just in the middle of the pot surrounded by a lot of ingredients and you know and you're like okay well what should i do no that's not how it works bro in trading

00:05:07
trading first like this you know all these top chefs they've got these two chefs you know you make me some carrots you make me some this you make Me some that you know everything gets prepared, everything gets done. You calculate it; you wait; you know everything is and then you go cooking. And then everything's prepared; timing is perfect; everything is perfect. It's the same in trading: you have to prepare. So first of all, I want to say something to the new members. Some announcement I have to make. Some things are going to change in GTC. Some things are changing. First of all, I'm going to get someone to help me control all of this so I get more time to do what I do best. Because lately, you know, we're growing and we're growing very fast.

00:06:08
And, you know, the team tries to help me, but, you know, they've got their own stuff also going on. So I really need someone to really start managing a lot of stuff. Someone, I'm going to tell you guys soon about what's in the house. So I'm looking for some help on that. And also I want to make an announcement about, you know, I told you guys I'm working on some projects. And while I was working already on one, there was a new one that came in to my surprise, and I liked it a lot. And I think, you know, you guys know, you can't get me very fast excited about something. But, you know, I think that we're, you know, I'm working on something, you know.

00:06:54
This is especially for the new members and for the uneducated, but also for the educated members, by the way, in the long term. I'm creating a machine; that is, you know, that's the MW style. That's the MW style. So, the indicator is included in it. Everything is included in it. So, it's a machine that, you know, if you want to trade, you want to do safe trading, defense trading, offer trading, and you want to do it the MW style; I'm building something. So, you know, you don't have to use, think, whatever. You're going to get it all in one. I don't know how I'm going to call it yet, but it's, you know, I'm very excited about it.

00:07:36
Also, for the new members in here, the new members in here, you know, I'm getting this, you know, a lot of DMs, you know, it's very strange. These guys, you know, they join the Patreon or they join the Telegram group to join these live streams. You have to understand, you know, at some point I don't, you know, sometimes I get irritated and I just block them. it's just what i do because why because i don't want to escalate thing i want to de-escalate them so sometimes it's just you know i just block them um although there are probably patrons they're watching this live stream and they have been blocked but you have to understand that while i'm blocking you it's not personal it's just you know you have no clue what you're doing you have no clue what you're saying and you know this uh you know

00:08:23
what they do is these these new people that are joining in they think that you know they think i'm their average uh influencer they think i'm their average you know all right let's pay a 50 bucks or whatever let's just join hey hey come on hey bro hey hey bro come hey hey tell me uh what are those signals uh what are we buying what are we shorting what are we long

00:08:58
You know, it's so sad. These people, these greedy, emotional, uneducated people in crypto. And, you know, the unfortunate part is my way of, you know, doing things on Twitter, on my live streams. I, you know, I do them in a certain way that all these futuristic wrecked, liquidated people don't follow me and don't watch my streams or whatever. So probably the same will happen now. So probably most of them, they will just watch maybe one, two, three live streams, and then they go seek for their greed again. And the fortunate part for you guys, by the way, is that 99% are all influencers out there that the only thing they do is they feed greed. You'll probably get whatever it is that you're looking for, and you're probably going to get super wrecked, and you probably got liquidated, and then you come back to me.

00:09:55
Because you remember, oh, I still got that subscription of MW. Yeah, well, I'm broke anyway now, so why not listen to that guy, what he has to say? It sounds hard, but this is just pure, pure facts what I'm saying over here. So, again, if you follow me. So what happens is these guys are seeing those P &Ls. Guys, those P &Ls are made based on what I share on my live streams, based on what I share on Twitter. You just have to listen. But if you are waiting for it, listen. Buy at $1. 33. Short at $2. 132. Take profits at $2. 111. Put your stop loss at $1, $4, $5, $ 6, 7. That's not how I do things.

00:10:49
That's not how it works. By the way, if you're interested in that, no problem. I've got something like that for you. I've got the best traders on the web for that. You go join the GTC Team Traders. How to get them? You cannot get to them because they're not on social media anymore. But if you want, it's a paid group. So you're going to pay money and they will give you something. But also there, there is a high probability that you'll stay just one month and you will leave. Because why? These guys are totally different from all the other, you know, paid groups or whatever it is. These guys are professional traders. So it means that these guys, while they know that, you know, you guys are no professional traders,

00:11:39
almost 100 winners if you know how to execute them so that's how they do things but that's if you want to join them so that option is open with me if you just watched my live stream I don't know what day before yesterday yes two days ago then you would have had the same PNO on layer if you just, you know, if you if you just if you just follow me on Twitter you also see there we go. And, you know, but you have to be educated. So first of all, if you join this Patreon, if you, you know, do it not for the signals, not for the trades, do it for the education. That is way more important than any game out there. Because you're going to get wrecked.

00:12:26
I told you. Remember it. Okay, so that's about that. So please stop DMing me about whatever. If you want to DM, DM me for the indicator. And, you know, also this indicator, there are like three days left, four days, four days left. And then we've got also an end of this indicator. So please just don't DM me at all. Just don't DM me at all. Only if you want to join the trading course vids, send me your UID. Links are in the description below. Trade over there. Volume 100k. DM me or UIT, you will get access to the Trading Course Fits and Free Private Group. And that's it. And if you don't like it or you don't want it, just don't. Just move on. Just go look for whatever it is that you're looking for.

00:13:14
So that's about it. So, okay, what are we going to do? What you're going to do, what you're going to do when they come for you, bad boys, bad boys. What we're going to do, what we're going to do when we come for you, bad boys, bad boys. What we're going to do, yes, we're going to do a market update. And after the market update, we're going to check those altcoins you guys have been sharing with me. Oh, there's so many altcoins. I'm going to do them all of them. I'm going to do them all. I'm going to do them all. I'm going to do them all. Guys, listen. I'm going to repeat myself. This thing that I'm building. This thing that I'm building might be one of the biggest things I've built so far.

00:13:59
You have to see it like this. It's the indicator, but the indicator in the luxury version. You know, with the indicator, you can have the indicator, but you need educational bits about the indicator to understand it. So when I'm building now, I'm building something. And guys, this is really. in my opinion very big I'm building something you know I'm building something you know mind-blowing you can you can remove all those steps from your computers you can remove everything the only thing that you owe you so you want to trade only thing that you need is that thing that's it so everything the MW stuff everything you need you know we're gonna connect all the dots in it i'm so excited about this thing uh no that never ask questions lol yes very good t blue very good especially your questions your question if it's your style question just don't ask questions t blue yes that's all i have to say because you're gonna risk yourself from getting blocked Definitely.

00:15:11
So I don't know if you want to be the smartest in this group now or you want to be the funny one. But it's not so funny because you are one of those people that is asking those stupid questions. So please don't just let me be. Let me be. Don't make me angry, please. I don't want to get angry. I don't want to block anyone. So please just stop it. Just say nothing because you are the cause of a lot of this headaches. Normally, I would block you either directly. So just be glad that you're still here. So let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. A Python bot that Satyajit is creating. Without you working on creating a Python bot like this.

00:15:57
You know, you have to see it like this, Satyajit. Satyajit, you have to see it like this. The indicator is the indicator, but you know to be successful in trading, it's not only about the indicator, it's about connecting the dots and disconnecting the dots. There's a reason why I'm the best of the best of the best on the webs; it's because I connect the dots, the rest doesn't connect the dots at least they try to but I can't. So when I'm trying to build, I'm trying to build you know I'm working with two persons. There's one person I just had a meeting with, I think yesterday it was. And there's another person I've been working with for like two, three weeks. So when I'm trying to, I'm trying to build a machine that is connecting the dots.

00:16:46
So, you know, I can understand that a retailer that, you know, when he comes into the MW style, he has to spend a lot of hours, live streams and with me and step by step, he'll get it. But, you know, if you would have a machine, if you have something that will give you just, okay, bam. You know, boom, it's, you got it all in one. I cannot say too much about it. It's going to be, it's going to be, it's going to be really, it's going to be really great, great, great, great work.

00:17:20
Now you've got all these software engineers to start thinking, okay, wait a minute. ah let's see let's see let's see let's see okay okay so let's jump in so first of all us 500 yes there we go so i know that you guys will probably get some flashbacks of oh mw what is this mw what is this oh yes mw yes okay mw we made it here we call this top okay mw and then we call this uh support zone okay and then we call this one we bought in some coins over here okay and then over here mw told us that over here we're gonna get rejected probably yes and then we're gonna go down from here oh i get Yes, this is what MW said.

00:18:09
You have to keep in mind that this is, you know, I've just predicted the biggest market and the most important market in the world just into details. You know, that like people like Warren Buffett, if he would watch my live stream, he doesn't. I think, I don't think he'd even know. Yeah, but if he would. And use those billions that he has only trading this, what I analyzed the past days, he would have doubled his money, if not tripled. But, you know, who cares? Who cares? Okay. So, let's see. So, basically, what are we going to get over here? So I got this rejection, but, you know, it's also this one-man show of this Trump. I'm getting a little bit annoyed by this, you know, every time the same thing.

00:19:08
So this guy just, you know, he keeps interfering. You know, he's now on these tariffs. You know, this tariff is just, in my opinion, is just one big joke. That's what I think. It's just one big joke. It's one massive joke. I really think that it's one big joke. I think that he's using those tariffs to manipulate the markets. What are you saying, MW? Yes, that's what I think. What are you saying, MW? Yes, that's what I think. And I don't get it wrong a lot of times, as you guys know. So I think that this whole, you know, this whole, this whole crap about, you know, we're going to, we're going to put tariffs. He's just timing the markets. That's what he's doing. He's timing the markets and he's manipulating the markets.

00:20:08
Yes, that's what I think. And I think it's very bad because, you know, at some point, I love what he's doing because why? Finally, those freaks of Wall Street are getting someone big who is attacking them. Uh, so I really like that part, but you know he's just doing something, you know it's it's really scary what he's doing now he's it's really scary what he's doing. So he's manipulating the marks, but you know at some point what I hope this is what I hope this is what I want. I want these marks to just dump down, crash down, crash 20, 30, 40, 50. I don't give a crap; just just dump because why do I need it to dump?

00:20:45
Because when it dumps that's when we will triumph, that's when we will know, that's when every freaking one of you guys will probably get financially independent at least if you're if you're not all in whatever if you're not in the market if you're if you're doing it the w stuff uh the mw stuff if you're doing it that way you're probably I think that that's just what I think. I think that you get financially independent, I think that it's going to be very big; I really think that it's going to be very big. So it's um But where is the 50%? The 50% on the top is over here, guys. We already talked about this a lot of times. But, you know, it's maybe the most important thing to talk about.

00:21:26
So maybe I'm going to repeat it, especially for those guys that got a lot of questions and don't listen. And, you know, so before they're going to ask a lot of questions, I'm going to answer them over here. And if they just watch like, you know, if they do just watch like, you know, 10, 12, 13, 14. Live streams from now and back, they will get answers to all the fucking questions that they have, but no, instead of that, they start fucking with my mind every time, fucking asking those same fucking questions that I've been answering for like a million times. But they keep fucking answer asking them, yes, but this, but that. They think that I'm somehow on their payroll or something.

00:22:08
I've got nothing to do in my life; I'm just here for them to be their personal assistant to to answer that question. Go, uh, do something for yourself if you don't. If you really did everything you can to not find the fucking answers, can you come back to me? Or maybe someone from the retail family can help you? But no, they're just like, you know, he's laying down here at home; you know what the fuck. I have nothing to do; let's ask me a lot of X questions, you know why not? And if I answer, we're gonna ask another question and Another question, ah he has got nothing to do, fuck it, so Let's see. So we've got over here, This is 20, This is 20, Look how scary this is, This is 20.

00:22:50
So while Trump is really destroying, fighting, doing whatever it is that he's doing, we still, it's ridiculous in my opinion. This is really ridiculous. We are still, we dumped 10% and then we pumped up 5% again. And then now we're hopefully going to this 11, 12%. But, you know, it's nothing. It's just nothing. It's nothing. We need, we need to come down. At least this one. And hopefully this one. At least this one. Hopefully this one. That's what we need. Because if that happens, that's when you start seeing 2x, 3x. Fartcoin. Fartcoin. Oh, Fartcoin just made 70%. And now, oh, headlines, headlines. VAT can make another 80%. Oh, VAT can make another. SPX is running up. It doubled down in price yesterday. Yes, it's incredible.

00:23:47
Then you got all those influences. Yes, we're going to the moon. And then you get everything. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Yes, that's what happens. I'm seeing it. You know, I'm already seeing it. I'm already seeing exactly how it's going to play out. it's like seeing the future you know and then you get all those hype oh let's go and then you know what's what's funny about this story is that you know sometimes you know you got these you got in my opinion like 90 of my images but you know you got this you got these guys you know they don't even know what a support level is or whatever and they are influencers you know so and then yes and then

00:24:33
suey is going to the moon and then you know when everything goes up so suey makes a run up let's just say 50 to 40 and then i told you and then you know you got these retailers these people with crypto hey we found our god you know why yeah he told suey i bought suey and we made 50 on it and then you know i found god just to find out that he's going to destroy their lives totally After it, you know so this is what happens when when when when this FOMO hits in and etc. And then you got this poor soul of MW in the middle of them. Guys, take profits. What? Take profits, yeah. Yes, take profits. Short it. Short it, you crazy moon. Short it. No!

00:25:17
Go away, MW. Get the fuck out of here. Why are you fucking telling us what to do? Go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself, you pathetic, pathetic, pathetic influencer, you pathetic TA analyst, you pathetic trader. Go yourself? We're going to get rich, you know, but you already made it, then x, yeah, I don't give a i'm gonna make 100 eggs, but why you can't, yes, you, and double you go yourself, guys. I've already been there like three times, so you know, i love these guys when they told me, 'go off we're going to the moon because you know, They are paying for all the short emails. You know, it's their money that is bling, bling, bling, ching, ching, ching. So, okay. So guys, but that's, that's, that's. Sounds like you watch, you know, listen, listen, listen.

00:26:13
Let me, let me be very honest with you guys. I'm going to be very honest with you guys. The last time I saw any crypto show is maybe two years back. Really, guys, I don't watch them. I don't follow them. I don't see them. I really have no clue what they're doing. If it's not my retail firm that is updating me about sometimes some things and they don't even do it because I don't like it, it's-and let me be very clear and I'm going to be straightforward. Anyone watching Sheldon is pathetic. Anyone watching Sheldon is pathetic. That's all I have to say; he's pathetic because if if that's the best you can find on the web to follow then you're just pathetic. That's just my honest opinion, and you know-no hate towards it's not personal.

00:27:07
It's just pure business. This guy really has no clue what he's talking about; don't know what he's talking about. It's most of them, but but the so I don't know, don't know another one. Look at this, oh guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. Hi, would you guys watch that guy? I mean, you know this is, you know this is, this is exactly the power of the media, this is the power of the media, you know? You got ran, this is the big marketing guy and you know he, I don't know where he found this shelter have no clue if I were them either way he found him somewhere. You know he told him okay, you go draw some lines on a chart, whatever, and I'm gonna do my marketing things and you know this is the power of the marketing so this because of these marketing skills of people they end up with children.

00:28:02
So it's, you know, it's, it's, you know, it's, I don't know how to say it. This is the market. This is the power of the market. Do you understand how powerful marketing is, the marketing machine? So they decide who you will find. They decide it. And then that you found the worst of the worst, they don't care about that. They don't care that you found the worst. Just get wrecked, you know, or maybe they want you. And Ren, and I'm always saying this, guys, I keep repeating myself, but let me say this. So I respect Ren for this. Ren is the only big account on Twitter and on YouTube, the only account that acknowledged Alpha when he saw it and he acknowledged it.

00:29:02
And he, I don't think he shared, he said it maybe like three, four, five times. Really big, big respect for Ren. That's why I'm always, you know, if it's about Ren, I say what he does wrong. I don't give a fuck. I say it. But I always do it in a manner of, you know, I'm a little bit tempered when it's about Ren. Because the guy, I don't agree with a lot of things he does. But at the same time, I do respect him also for the other side that he has. So it's a little bit double. You know, it's a bit of a double. It's a little bit of a hate-love relationship. But if it's about Sheldon, it's very interesting.

00:29:36
So let me let me see uh uh let's see uh look at this so well yes he actually gave you the best and the worst so I have to thank this guy he gave you the best and this is the best and the worst that's what he did he gave you the best and then he gave you the worst so okay guys enough enough enough we have to uh We have to get into the charts. Okay, so let's see what's going to happen. Are we going to get this dump? We should have got. You know, every time when this thing starts ramping up again, even if it would break up, it's just like we say in Dutch, it's uitstel van executie. Uitstel van executie. So the Dutch people in the chat, translate please.

00:30:29
Uitstel van executie. Uitstel van executie. Out, still fun execution, so the more these things ramps up, this is just out, still fun execution, so um, if this thing wants to ramp up, no problem, I'm going to trade it, you're going to make money, you know. If they don't want to ramp up, we got to fill up more shorts and we just got to kill it, that's what we're going to do, but if it decides to just, just, just come down to the red zone for just for starters come over here bro, come over here bro, come bro, don't be shy. But the best, best case scenario, it's a torture so you, we need this, we need not, not this and then this and then this is torture, this will torture the markets, this what we need is we need just, we need this, this is what we need or maybe even this or this or this that's what we need, that's the best case scenario.

00:31:25
But listen, guys, I want to say something, we got also today, is it today or tomorrow or tomorrow, I was wrong, wait a minute, did I say today until I said today, oh I think I'm totally wrong, totally wrong, I think it's tomorrow, it's tomorrow, I made a big mistake, guys, I made a big mistake, I made a huge mistake, guys, um, it's tomorrow not, not today, I think yes, it's tomorrow, oh I made a big mistake, yes because because it's always the last. friday it's 28th i think yes it's the 28th in my opinion so it has to be tomorrow um let me see let me see let me see them it's tomorrow guys Why did nobody tell me this? It's tomorrow. Yes, it's tomorrow.

00:32:31
Because, you know, but why did nobody DM me about MW? It's not today. I didn't say that expiry. I just say it's a big day for Bitcoin today. Yes. My mistake. My bad. My bad. My bad. Also, this destroyed my timing, by the way. Oh, this is a mistake. It's tomorrow, not today. Tomorrow is the expiry. We got this one, so Bitcoin, Bitcoin, uh, we already talked over here, you see. I, you know, I already said it in the previous live stream, it's 28; I don't think I don't know why, in my head it's on today, I really don't know, so no, no, so this is right, this is right, so here, the line I put on the line, here, guys.

00:33:13
I really uh, you know if if if if the bulls will not push this price up by tomorrow then things are even worse than I thought, I'm just saying if things if the bulls will not push this price up to at least the 90k between 90-94k by tomorrow, then things are way worse than I thought. So, I know it's you know it's pretty sick to say this but you know it's also related to this one. How is this one? Is this one going to hold? Because if this one is going to, you know, push down, Wall Street will probably not allow Bitcoin to make this move. But, you know, with this expiry going on, it's this one, guys. Just for you guys to understand. Let me show you. Let me show you.

00:34:07
Let me show you. Let me show you. So you guys can understand. It's this one, guys. This one is going to expire. Oh, that's a red one. we're going to close in the red. So this one is going to expire, guys. I mean, we've got another shot, more data, yes. So this one is going to expire at four. We have three and one at four and one, one, one, well, this is one oh! By the way, guys, if we were gonna listen to this news that we're seeing-by the way, it looks like Bitcoin, it should be at a million bucks by now; it's so crazy. But for those who focus, follow me, you know it's not about it's all about leverage, hmm-mmm, okay, okay, okay, okay! So this thing is probably gonna or maybe they're gonna put it in into green-could they still have a day? They can do it easily; everything is possible with

00:35:47
Where's my in the animal thing, by the way? Ah, there it is. Oh, Spike, down to here would be great, Spike, oh, it comes beautiful. Oh, it's looking so good Beautiful what a beauty what a beauty what a beauty this is it is

00:36:16
get this look at this look at this look see look see look see how if you go to the weekly no the weekly is done so oh look see looks oh oh oh guys don't underestimate the mw indicator on higher time frames just don't don't it make you life-changing money i'm just saying it it made me life-changing money so why would it make you like hmm look at this guys look at it nice nice how much is this yes yes we've got everyone is buying bitcoin everyone the whole world is buying bitcoin yes i i don't understand that there is any bitcoin left in the world based on all the news that i'm reading on x everyone is buying bitcoin everything bitcoin bitcoin bitcoin 30 percent This is 30%.

00:37:16
And on the top, it's, you know, this is just normal for Bitcoin, by the way. These numbers that I just showed you. If you would go into history over here, it's normal. If you're going to do it like this, this was the big one of the FTX. This was the 77%. So this thing would come in line with this dump. So this dump, I know, guys, I'm starting to get a little bit crazy now in my analyses. Listen, this dump, if you want to get a continuation dump of this, so based on the numbers and the mathematics, it could come in line with this dump. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Use this one. This dump comes in line with this dump. And then you got this. This nasty liquidity level over here, so if we would let's measure it, why not let's measure this one, let's do it, let's measure it, why not?

00:38:36
It's the same, guys. I told you. I told you that my mathematics, you know, sick mathematics. This was 75. I told you this 50 would be the same like this. I knew it. I knew it without measuring it. But you see how crazy this is? These are the mathematics of TA, not someone drawing a trend line and showing the stochastic horizon. You have to see it like this, guys. When you see someone showing you a trend line with a sarcastic RSI below it, you have to get, is there nobody, do you guys, you guys all have got healthy brains inside your heads. Do you? You do. So, you all understand that any kid of five, six years old going to school from the primary can do the same.

00:39:26
He can make a trend line. Using some you know in the stunt line and then you can put on just click on a button they get stuck because the car is i and then at the bottom of the scarcity car aside that could be a potential reversal, you can buy that. You guys all understand that you feel me? You guys all understand that really a five, six, seven, eight year old can do that. I'm just saying so. But this, this, this is beautiful! So we first pointed out this level, and then, you see, it comes. Okay, guys in the chat, what are we going to do if we're going to hit the blue zone that we have been waiting? Because this zone is already pointed out here. Want to see it?

00:40:19
Not this one. Where is it? I've got a chart pointing that out. Not this one. Where is it? Where's my chart? There it is. No, it's another one. I've got another chart. I already pointed this out. But guys, are you seeing this? Cell organs. Yes, definitely. Yes, we're going to cell organs. That's exact. No, no, no, no. I don't think that this is cell organs. Cell organs is this one over here, 48. I don't agree with this one. No, this is not cell organs level. No, definitely not. Uh, over here, this is cell organs levels this one, this is cell organs levels this one, yes this or lower so this until the 40k, this is cell organs levels in my opinion, my opinion, in my opinion, I might be but this is just being super bullish, you know, so let me remove this back down okay.

00:41:14
You come over there baby and now we're okay. A bitcoin could you get us to this level? It could you this blue level. I know that one of our retail fan members, his name is Mamach, will be very happy if that happens. And I think that a lot of people will get very happy. But, you know, you have to see it like this. We ain't that far. It ain't that bad. It's that bad. It's just 32%. Just 32%. Just 32%. But we already dumped. What is this? Oh, this is not so much. No, no, no. We are at 20%. It's a lot. Guys, you have to keep in mind that. So, if on the bigger timeframes, if we're going to travel to this zone, in the meanwhile, we're going to make sick money shorting the crap out of everybody.

00:42:01
So, just keep that in mind. That's what we're doing now. That's what we did with auction, with layer, with a lot of, you know, it's got on and on and on and on. We're going to do it. We're going to talk about them in a moment because I've got your list here on the right. Do you see? All your outcomes are over here. You see they're ready. They're ready and steady. So, don't be worried. I just want to take my time to, you know. i want you guys to be i want you guys to see the bigger picture before you go into the small picture you have to see the bigger picture first so why am i talking about the bigger picture today it's basically because um uh when uh expires happen tomorrow it you know um uh it's it's risky it's risky to be trading you know markets could turn listen if you're you know if you're just uh

00:42:49
trading an altcoin just like layer for example you can make money you you hire up your stop loss and gain so you're just trading it you make money with those scammers so that's no problem but you know but it's it's very very like if you're a high volume trader you're trading bitcoin for example ethereum or solana or whatever um it's not a good idea to do that on uh on expiry dates and if you're active trading if you're active trading so if you are really uh if you're active trading and you are uh you're on the charts that's when you can use the indie get go you can also make a lot of money by the way so um so that's the style that's how you have to do it

00:43:46
you know i said it on twitter yesterday i think instead of asking questions listen first so if i already answered your questions like a million times and then you know whatever i'm gonna ask a question either way i don't give a i'm just keep asking you know i've got nothing to do in my life i'm just gonna keep asking listen So instead of asking, instead of using your mouth by asking or your fingers, use your ears. Listen first. Try to think for yourself. And when you don't figure it out, you got also the read of them or I'll answer it. And if I see that's a solid question, if I see that's a bullshit question, then yeah, you'll probably get a lot of bullshit for me too.

00:44:36
So if you're going to use the Indie, by the way, You see this? This is the level also that I'm eyeing for the, this is the level, the make and break tomorrow for the expiry. Because the expiry, the pain level is at 100k, I thought. Yes, I think it was at 100k. This is the pain level. You don't understand what pain levels are and what expiries are. You can do some research on them and learn how to read it, but it's not that important. But listen, do you know Alpiman? This is for Alpiman. Every time I see this indicator, I think about Alpiman. By the way, Alpiman changed himself from trading and working. He's now a comedian. So, what he does now, he's now getting on my Twitter page, and he says the most stupid and weird things.

00:45:33
So, he's like sort of our clown, our Irish clown. So, Alpiman is our Irish clown now. Maybe his wife told him, listen, Alpiman, you're so funny at home. Why don't you go be funny for the RetoFam? So now he's playing the funny guy. Okay, so we got Alpiman. He's our funny guy now. So he's making a lot of jokes. So even if you don't like the jokes, sometimes just respond to him and give him, you know, we have to, you know, he's our RetoFam member. We love him. So we have to keep him with us. So we never have to give him the feeling that he's not funny or whatever. Just keep supporting. Support Altiman. Support Altiman. Keep supporting him. I hope you'll ever forgive me, Altiman. No, listen, guys.

00:46:25
So this is the level. You know, guys, I make a lot of jokes. I say a lot of weird stuff. But in the middle of that. I give you guys the best offer you can get ever, ever, ever, so don't be worried, I'm sorry in advance if you have to go. I bring new followers in at some point, I'll be man, you know. Being funny is one thing, but sometimes you know, please don't go in the direction of the Joker, you know that's when things get scary, you know. As long as it stays healthy, then we're all supporting you just don't go into the psycho-funny, you know, just don't do that. I'll be right, no, no, seriously guys, so this is if in my opinion, if they want to push it, this is the level they are the one they're going to push it, but so, but you know, the only thing is that that is disturbing or analyzed today is this thing, this thing has is disturbing on analyze now, uh.

00:47:30
This trump the timing of Trump came at a right wrong timing, you should have done this uh tomorrow, end of the day, end of market that would be great and you would have, have this thing go up, and then you got, you know, that's that because the only reason by the way, why we are above daily indie over here these above it, we're trying to get stay above it but the only reason is the Expiry in my opinion, if the expiry wasn't happening tomorrow, I think we would be traveling around 79, 78, 80k levels. I think that we would be here, this is just expiry holding this thing up so uh yeah so it's you know the only thing that normally I would say you know I know it's gonna happen this is gonna happen boom boom boom boom but at this point These guys are really a little bit, you know, connecting the dots.

00:48:22
These guys are disturbing me a bit. But, you know, it's enough about this, enough about this. So for now, we just trade the low timeframes. Keep in mind that we might. But if, by the way, I want to say this, if we're going to reach, if we're going to get close to the 90K, 90 to 90K, a lot of shitloads of shorts will get opened. I'm just saying. don't shoot the messenger, so before anyone, anyone new member tomorrow goes into my Twitter feeds, we're gonna talk about what altcoins you're gonna hear that from me in a moment and I'm telling you if we're gonna get close to whatever it is to these levels, a lot of shorts will get opened.

00:49:15
So talking about shorts, we're gonna get into the soil I want to talk about some other things also but we just don't have the time. We've been talking too much about Alpamon. Why are we talking about why are we talking about why are we talking about all people talking about all the ones? I'm sorry, Rosie, I'm sorry that you have to go but you can watch it later okay. So uh let me first of all start with this one by the way this one I think that this coin is that that Wizard's coin, wizard uh is shilling this thing to death so um I don't know, this is a meme coin uh what to say? I think you know what do you want me to say about this?

00:49:57
I think I need I need a chart with more with more uh with more data on it if we can find it but you know. So, let me see Polynex, if we get more on Polynex. Yes, we got more on Polynex. Okay, a little bit more. So, this coin, you have to see like this. This coin goes out, and then my buddies from the Netherlands start shilling it to death, and then they get paid, and retailers over here, retailers get wrecked. Wrecked. Okay, it's just, this is just, you know, I've got friends of mine, friends of mine, friends, my, really, really my friends in the Netherlands. They don't know who I am. They don’t know I’m a molecular. I don’t even know if they know I’m a molecular.

00:50:54
I don’t know. I don’t know. And these are friends of mine. They have been getting wrecked over here. And they’d go, oh, listen, I’m Dobby, but why your friends? Why did you warn them? I cannot warn them. It's impossible. And even if I would, they wouldn't believe me. Maybe they would believe me if they, you know, if they would know I'm Willkiller. Then maybe they would believe me. But they don't know I'm Willkiller. They just know me, the personal side of me. So they wouldn't believe me. What do you know? Shut the fuck up. We're following the wizard. We're going to the moon. You know, shut the fuck up. So I know, and those guys are getting wrecked over here.

00:51:30
So it's just what it is, but you know what to do what to do. I can't save everyone, but you know these guys are getting totally liquefied over here so this thing made a bounce up and you know it's just this wizard this wizard when he starts chilling uh there's a certain shilling machine behind him whatever you know they push the price up so they suck people in and then dump so but let me just answer just for the one that that has been sharing this corner I don't know who it is, one of the Redefined members. Why did I tell you? Why did I tell you? We don't short coins at Biden formations. Skip it. There are like a million altcoins out there. Why would you go risk it?

00:52:14
And I just, you know, you guys keep disappointing me. I keep getting disappointed. I'm trying to build a machine out of you guys. I'm trying to make professional traders out of you guys. So when I say on Twitter, listen guys: what needs my attention never ever ever share me altcoins that are at bottom formation because I know on your one-minute charts it looks like this thing is at the moon so if you're watching uh if you're watching I know I know how it works so you're watching that let me let me put it on the 15-minute chart so you're watching oh my god look at oh let me use this one so oh look at look at this rise oh Well, NBC is mooning. That's how you probably see it. Oh, this thing has pumped so much, I need to short it. You can short it. I'm not saying that you cannot short it. You can short it. You can also make a lot of money on it. Just use the damn indicator. Because if you would own this indicator, I'm just.

00:53:22
This was your short entry. This was your short entry. And this is another short entry. So here you're trading. You're trading. This moves down. Congrats. Congrats. So, but, you know, you make money here. You make money here. Congrats. This is trading on the low end. With all the big drugs, you know, I'm not going to trade on it. You know, I cannot share something online about on a five minutes or 50 minutes. I'll totally liquefy all my followers. I educate you how to do this so also for the new members in here that are thinking like where is the signal group? where are the boys? where are the signals? where are the training group? Now, bro, the ones that you are paying money those amateurs giving you signals-those are the ones I educate so instead of paying money to those scammers, focus!

00:54:24
I'm learning you how to create your own signal group; drop the mic, drop the mic! So, focus and listen, and don't ask questions because the moment you start asking questions, means that you're already putting illusions in your head. You think that you're going to invent a new view-that's what's going to happen. Because nine of the ten times, it will be stupid questions. So, only ask questions when you're confident and you know; okay, I did everything I can to understand this freak, but I don't understand it. And this is a solid question that he didn't answer. I need to ask him this. You can ask me. But no stupid questions, please! No stupid questions, please! Most of the questions, they come out of greed. So, that's. Guys about about MPC MPC guys; MPC Not interested.

00:55:27
They can do it over here. So, we're gonna remove this from the list-boom, another boom! It's gone! Berra! And we're talking about hey, bro! Oh, by the way, bar for the barrel guys. My promise went to one thousand six hundred and eighty percent. So my 2,000 is somewhere over here. Does that mean that I will break my promise? Never, never. I will never, ever break my promise. So just give me a little bit of time. You know, if you're going to do it that way, everything could come down. No, that's not ever going to come down because I nailed the top over here and I made 1,670% with a lot of profits that have been taken. And I'm probably going to do it again.

00:56:20
so bella very impressive so bella is some something that okay this now we're talking now we're talking listen this so let me give you guys this in the chat so everyone please please please please please just please guys if i'm asking on twitter guys what needs my attention show me charts like this and not charts like like mpc so many charts like this so what are we gonna do we first of all gonna see what's going on with better how is it looking are we having some by the way we're taking our times for the ones that don't have the time today go to your job do whatever it is that you need to do and watch the stream later because today we're gonna give you guys you know that was one guy

00:57:23
Sometimes, you know, it gets fun. Yes, bro, because you're paying 49 bucks. You're paying for the fact that you get access. So when I do a live stream, so you get access to watch it. That's what you paid for. And this month only, you're going to get the indicator as an extra above it. But let me tell you, bro. So because you paid 49 bucks, it doesn't mean that I'm on your payroll or something. I need that live stream. I just need it. I understand that you need it, but I cannot give it to you. So basically the live streams for the ones that, you know, for the future, also for the ones that are liking this content, you know, making a lot of money based on my content, the live streams, the original pack of my live streams is Monday, Wednesday, Friday.

00:58:09
That's it. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. So that's, and I'll probably do more, you know, especially in the weekends when, you know, when I'm just. There's nothing to do then I just you know why not spend it with Marito Firm share with you guys a lot of education and an offer but Monday, Wednesday, Friday those are the schedules you know those are the days for the live stream so better so better what I want to see a better better better better guys I'm going to be you know you know you know you know I'm going to be very very honest with you guys you know um so we're expecting this pump up from the expiry maybe

00:58:48
and let me tell you this guy's let me uh you know let me tell you this the team will destroy that that's all I have to say I think I hope that I said enough but the team will destroy that the team will totally destroy that so uh that's all I have to say so if you want to know what the team is going to do this is what the team gonna let me see it aren't they already in there let me check guys let me give Ah, Bella is showing a little bit of you know the scammy. I mean, it's with the waiting for the fundings. Let me see. Let me see. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. Or is there some unlock going that it's so bad?

00:59:38
It's so bad. Those fundings are not that bad. They're red, but it's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It ain't that bad. I think that I think Team, I think I think that Barbara, uh starting a starting DCA is you know we're closing into start DCA why not it's an investment guys, you're just gonna invest your money, you're gonna get paid either way or better guys. I'm no financial advisor, I'm no financial advisor, I don't give financial advice, uh you should do your own research on whatever it is that you're doing but uh I'm no financial advisor, guys. I'm no financial advisor. So do whatever it is that you're doing. But I think that, you know, over here in this region, this is an investment, guys.

01:00:32
You have to see it like this. Let me see this. It does not work. Why does it not work? Why doesn't it work? Let me see. Does it look like this? Also not. On my Mac, it's not working. Why is it not working? Uh, the Mac specialist, why is it not working when I'm on my Windows if I would do just Alt + I and my chart flips and uh so it gets inverted and now when I push Alt + I nothing happens if I push Command + I nothing happens. Okay, whatever, so it's not working. I wanted to show you guys something

01:01:13
pop, pop, no weeks doesn't have any headquarters in Europe, uh, Wiggle, so um nobody in the chat, no okay uh okay so whatever, so uh this is okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, guys if you're going to bury you have to be prepared, you have to be prepared but if you're prepared then yeah, well, whatever, what is going to hurt you, why do that, what is it they want to pump it up to 10 bucks, okay, no problem when I pump it up to 12, no problem. Whatever it is you want to do, just don't go to $100. If it goes to $100, that would be a problem. That would be a problem. But if you want to go to, you know, even if you want to go to $20, no problem.

01:01:58
Just not higher, Bearer. Because, you know, we are starting to get a skin in the game, Bearer. So please don't destroy us, Bearer. Bearer, please don't destroy us, Bearer. Please don't do it. Don't do it because we're going to destroy you either way. So, Berra, listen guys. Yes, Berra. So, our team, if you're listening, you know what to do. So, the next one. Orca. You see, this is what I mean. What? What is this? Whoa! Whoa! Let me see. Is this for real? Is this for real, uh, it's an HMT2 coin, oh this, oh okay, so guys, this is really, this is a scabby exchange, by the way, guys, you know, you know Max C can do is very good at this and HTX is also very good at this, be very careful, guys, this they liquidate you here, this is what they do, they liquidate, see this, this is, you know, this is madness, This is mad.

01:03:09
This is the danger of leverage trading. As you see over here, this was the Orca. But this was also a big. So this, yes, this would be a short. I agree over here, but not here. This is not a short here. We're back to bottom formations. So to whoever shared me this, this is not over here. Yes, I agree with you. This is a shorting. This is no shorty. Look where we are. Not interested. So, it's gone. It's gone. Lina!

01:03:49
This is the Lina, right? There's no other Lina. I don't know why. Lina, you want to show this? Just forget it. Let's go without Lina. I love Lina, by the way, but. Did someone just ask me to short Lina here? I don't know. Do you want me to short Lina here? Okay. I don't know who shared me Lina, but, you know. Whatever. Let's see. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, these altcoins are so wrecked. Lina, Lina. Six million, guys. Six million. I'm going to scoop myself some Lina. I'm sorry, but I'm going to scoop myself some Lina. Not now, by the way. Not now. I'm not saying now. Not now. Not now. If markets dump as we, you know, as we do.

01:04:45
So do some research on Lina, why Lina is dumping so hard, because I really have no clue why Lina is dumping this hard. But why is Lina doing this? What's going on? Is there some news? Is there something going on with Lina? I really don't know. Do some research if there's some life in Lina. Because Lina is, you know, Lina is supposed to be one of those old dogs. I made a lot of money with Lina. Lina should be a solid coin. But, you know, Lina. So we're looking for altcoins to short. And then we're charting altcoins to buy. This is what we do, guys. You know, we don't give a. Fuck about markets;

01:05:23
we don't give a fuck about whoever in crypto; we are only here to make money; we're looking for buying zones; we're looking to buy the blood; we're looking to short the FOMO, that's our style, that's what we do, and that's what makes us the best community trading community on the webs; so, we got this one; this is a sort of you know; we found some support over here but I don't think this will probably not probably this will 1 million percent not hold; Let's see. You know, it's over here at some point; This is pathetic, guys; So this thing is dying, by the way; This thing is just dying because look where we are now, guys; so I don't, you know, how much more can this thing dump? To zero?

01:06:10
This is, you know, this is so scary. I don't know what to say; When should you buy this? And let me just say this; I'm going to say this; So, I don't know what's going on. If there is, if there is, if there is any life in Lina. So, do your research and I would appreciate if you guys share your thoughts with me. Because that's why you're with me. To help me a bit. The Creators Group, do your work. Do your jobs. If there is any life in this Lina. I don't know why it's dumping. I don't know why. But if there is any life, this could be one of your best buying opportunities, trading-wise, to make money because, if this thing comes back to let's just say to that the 20 cents or lower, because this is I'm just sick-this is my sick-I would buy only here; so why do I do this?

01:07:11
I measure this based on connecting other dots. But I would buy this thing, let's say, below the $0. 20. So that's when I would buy this thing. Let's not be greedy. Let's say DCA from $0. 30. Let's say. Okay. So I would start DCA buying this coin. If you're going to do some research, you have to keep in mind that this coin might give you the best returns and all the best altcoins out there that you think; okay, this is the best altcoin. It's not. In crypto, we are traders. We don't give a fuck about fundamentals. We don't give a fuck about shillers. We don't give a fuck about marketing. We only focus on making money. Making money. If Lina could make us a 10x, we're going to buy Lina.

01:07:58
We're going to love Lina. Lina, you're the greatest. Today, Lina is the greatest. We take the 10x and then we go. Tomorrow, ALK is the best. We don't give a fuck. Wherever the money is flowing, making us gain is the best. That's how I want you guys to think. This is how you should think. This is how your mind should work. This is how your mind should work. Your mind should work like this. Money, money, gains, money, gains, money, gains. I don't give a fuck about whatever Alex Becker has got to say. Fuck you, bro. Yeah. You're making money when I'm not. So, fuck you. I don't give a fuck what you say. Everything that you're going to say is because you're making money. But I want to find out how I will make money.

01:08:47
So, Lina, do some research, guys. Lina, one holder owned. That's not good. Matija, that's not good. One holder owned 93% of the token. So, basically, everyone dumped his bags on Lina. Okay, whatever. we're gonna, we're gonna, so Lena is here to stay, but not for sure, it's not for sure, just for buying, so that's why I'm not remote. Okay, let's go to the next set. I have to go a little bit faster, either way this stream is going to get way too long. So, first of all, I don't know who gave me this ZRO, what is this guy's, what is this, this is when MW told you to show it over here, over here, to be exact. So, this is one because why because this is on the MW short ETF.

01:09:44
This PL is still running even with this bounce up; it's still running a lot of profits have been taken, but it's still running 20 is running. So we were shorting this over here, why would I short this over here? Okay, very quick boom and gone. She is CVX oh you guys are, you guys, you know I'm getting so disappointed for me; I'm getting so disappointed, I'm getting so disappointed, you're disappointing me really. Maybe I hope that you meant listen MW CVX is maybe in a buy zone, I hope that you meant that I'm not shorting. It's what are you going to show them, Cvx? Let's go, Cvx! This is yeah, this is that is Cvx or no, no, that was Cfx, that was that Asian coin, okay. Cvx, whatever, this is also by the way, these are all these finance coins they're all dumping like crazy so I don't do your research on Cvx, whatever it is uh I'm not interested there we go Crv! It really did someone tell me 'I know it's in the green', so you guys meant that we should short it. I know it. I don't know for sure. I look at this. What are you doing, guys? What are you doing? You want to short a coin over here? What are you doing?

01:11:22
Oh. Remove. And then we got this guy. DGB. Did You be nice? Did You It was oh this one by Ness. No, I need it on by this Egg minute egg minute egg minute egg minute. Did You bite only only old dogs? They know did You bite Did You bite by the way guys had one of the best marketing team in crypto ever? Did You bite? Oh, we had so much fun trading. Did You bite? So, this explains me Digibyte by the way because I think that yeah okay but this is this is Digibyte by the way you know uh I was here guys I was here at Digibyte I uh you know I witnessed this I also witnessed this but guys either way Digibyte getting some momentum look at this guys this is no short we move

01:12:26
God you have to see let me explain you guys for the words for the one you know we don't know if this bounce up is uh because this happens a lot is that you know the team behind it starts romping up the coin so it gets some attention so it sucks in some money to dump it after this could be or maybe Digibyte is finding some momentum after a very big long accumulation and it gains some momentum it could make a three four five XC so it's we don't gamble we have to do our homework and when you know everything needs to be you know you have to check check check check mw the mw report check by the way this is what I'm building for you the Mw report check check check check and that's when you go into a trade yes or no so this is what's going to happen when i build this thing you know when i build this thing It's going to happen like this.

01:13:20
So you got over here. Okay. You got now that you're trading the MW stuff. So whatever, you know, you're just sitting home and then you think, okay, I want to, I want to short DGB. And then you got, oh, wait a minute. But no, should I? I don't know. Should I ask MW? No. You don't have to ask MW. You're going to use this thing that I'm creating for you guys. You go in it. I want to short DGB. MW, do you agree? And then MW start. Check, check, check. And then you get the end report. No, MW says, it's not a good idea to short this cord. Just imagine owning something like this. Just imagine it. You got, you know, you got, you know, for T-Blue, you want to ask a lot of questions?

01:14:03
You got your own AI robot in MW style. He will answer all your questions. No, guys, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, this is, this is also God. DGB, God. So, I might not do all coins today, by the way, guys. It's just too much. So, I think we got to do two more, then we got to close it up, and we got to do them the next time. So, DGB also gone. Let me do this AVL. Hmm, AVL, nice. Is it a new coin? I don't know. AVL, hmm, AVL, yeah, this, this, you know. This looks like a short. This looks like a short. This could be one of those shorts. This could be one of those shorts. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad.

01:14:53
It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. More. More. More. More. Yeah. Yes. Why not? This is a short coin. This is a coin you could short. Yes. Definitely. Let this one pop. Then down. So this one's going to hold. yes yes sir yes sir whoever shared this coin yes this is a short coin this is a short coin this is a short coin this is a coin you want to short yes this is check check check you're gonna get those green alarms check check check check check yes i'm gonna get this agi let's see now guys this is no short coin Guys, I think I you know, I teach you know how to read this.

01:15:44
Okay, so this is no short one. So remove There's a long boy Then I got this bulk Aha All could be a short could be a short. Yes all could be a short all could be a short coin Am I getting excited? I don't know we're getting excited Am I getting excited? No, not really. I don't know. We're going to keep this one. This could be in the short one. So, yes, this could be a short one. So, you know, this could be one of those short ones. Could be, could be. I have to dive a little bit deeper in. Let's see what it is. Big time. Oh, nice big time! Nice big time, big time, big time, big time. Oh, also, yeah, why not? Why not, big time!

01:16:47
Hey, big time, hey, hey, big time, hey, big time! Big time, why not, why not, big time, why not, why not! Just tell me, why not! Just tell me, why not! Big time, why not, why not, why not, big time, why not, why not! Yeah, definitely. I love, I like Bitcoin so for the ones that are interested in big time, I love Bitcoin. I love it. Looking good, looking good, looking good, looking good, big time, looking good! Okay, oh, whoa! What is this? Oh, party! It's a party! Pot is a new coin. I only don't have, I don't know the new. Why are you guys showing me new coins? You know that I cannot charge them, so what? What is it? I'm gonna say about it, so you know, you know, I can't chart this.

01:17:45
So the new coin, it's on Binance. Okay, okay, okay! Yeah, I really guys, I really have no clue what why not. You can short the crap out of this phone, we're using the indie. I would definitely short this. We're using the indie, especially it's listed on Binance. It means that you can short the crap out of it, so I would just use the indie for example like this over here, this was your confirmation! This was your short, also look at it after 15 minutes; oh, this was also your confirmation. This was your shout, but just keep in mind, just wait for it. But you can chase this, why not? Why not? Why not? It's listed now. Why not?

01:18:25
So probably this thing at some point you're gonna get these levels tested-this one and then you got this one tested and then after this yeah it's just a free fall. So a good one, a good one for the ones doing the party. So we're gonna get these coins uh we're gonna do them uh in the latest stadium and uh I just want to say congrats to Marito Fam and I want to say congrats to those that watch my live streams and I want to say congrats those that are uh paying for the subscription to watch these live. Streams, I want to say congrats for making I think you can pay now for like two three four five years of subscription if you took this trade and you believed that you did it the right way, just like I educated you to do so.

01:19:06
Because over here, this was your confirmation. This was the retest. Alpima, listen, this was another retest, and this was your opening shorts. And on this dump down, you could have made a lot of money. So if you did that, well, okay, there it is. If you want to donate to the cause, you can DM me. We have a new project that we're going to run now for donations. Everyone who's making a lot of money thinks to themselves, 'oh, whatever,' that MW, that crazy f**k. We want to join whatever this project for charity that you're building. We want to join them. So, you can DM me for that one. And if you don't want to donate, it's all good. I love you either way.

01:19:39
If you donate or not donate, I will love you either way. I don't give a f**k. Maybe you don't. Maybe you need the money for your own charity. Also good. Or if you're going to donate it to charity, whatever it is, you just donate. As long as you keep donating, I think that the gains will keep flowing in. If you don't donate. By donation, don't mean that you need to donate to our project. You can donate your own project, but keep donating, just keep donating. You know it's just money, it's just money. And if you're making it trading, you know, let's just say you made 10k. So what if you're gonna donate 200 bucks or 300 bucks or $500? You're not gonna get poor from that.

01:20:17
It's not gonna make any difference. So thank you all for watching. Have a nice one! And wait, there are a lot of updates are coming up. And I'm, you know, guys, I'm taking a person that is going to manage a lot of stuff for me, giving me more breath, more time to focus on the charts and to share with you guys even more alpha, to share with you guys even more altcoins, to share with you guys even more trades, possible trades. So let's hope this X person will do a great job so I can take a step back and can focus on what I do best because I suck in communications marketing whatever it is-I just suck in this stuff! Just give me the charts let me do what I do best that's all. I love you all, thanks for watching, bye.
*** Live Stream 03-31-2025 Is the Crypto DUMP over *** 

00:00:05
Welcome, welcome, welcome, and welcome again to any crypto, welcome retail fam! Welcome to this live stream from the desert. It's just what it is, so uh, by the way, I cannot see, so I'm not at my desk, so it's gonna be a little bit of uh managing around over here today. But you know, I just had to do this live stream today, so I hope that everything is running fine, uh, so uh. Today, I got someone else doing today a little bit of producing work and uh, well, maybe she wants to say something. Hi guys, you already know me, so he says we will; I will help Mw (I'm also traveling), I'm in the jungle, so let's hope everything works out fine today. Have fun with the stream and well let the music play, don't we? Thank you,

00:03:10
thank you, thank you, thank you. Let's dive in, let's dive in. The music can't stop. Thank you guys, welcome, welcome. Little film, what do I got? What do I gotta wait? What I got? What do I got? Let me go for all content that's the first one, Sean we got Marco Lat uh, what do you got this is Bob we got the zoo park travel 11. welcome my brother sean pedro helena i miss you guys salma rashid bobby karima z's rex alpima nicholas uh

00:03:45
closing into resistance guys by the way today I'm gonna show you something I'm gonna you know we're gonna do a market update check some altcoins see what we're you know you know how are we feeling you know how we're feeling you know if you ask Alpiman how he's feeling he'll tell you I don't know he never knows how he's feeling but I'm gonna show you guys a little bit of educational thing I'm gonna do into the market a very important thing and by the way this is I'm going to explain to you guys a little bit about Alpiman. Alpiman is exactly the guy how to not do it. So that's why I take Alpiman as an example. Because Alpiman is the average retailer in crypto, in trading, whatever.

00:04:28
So Alpiman is the average retailer. So 99% of people trading are like Alpiman. So I'm going to explain to you why you should never ever be Alpiman. Just whatever it is you do in your life, don't be Alpiman. Don't do it like Alpiman. Because if you do it like Alpiman, you know, it was very funny. I saw the guy, it was about, what's the trade? I think it was Leia. Leia went to almost 160, and then Leia came down into 138 or whatever it was, and then he thought, oh, wait a minute, it went below the Indy, so let me short it now. And then, into the short and the price went up and then he went down in a small loss, oh I did it again, oh I ruined the trade again, and then you know I'm not gonna touch it anymore, you know that's the problem with Alpiman.

00:05:21
Alpiman is the average retailer training, so I'm gonna expect yeah I'm gonna explain you guys today exactly how to do, don't do don't do it like Alpiman, whatever it is you're doing, don't do it with Alpiman. Alpiman is scared, you know. He needs like 10 whiskeys to make a trade, you know. So, you know, he needs to tell himself, okay, Alpiman, okay, you're strong enough. Okay, you're man enough. Okay, you just got to push that freaking button. You don't gotta be afraid. Yes, just go. That's Alpiman. That's how to not do it. So, I'm going to explain to you guys. So, Alpiman, thank you for that. Thank you for that. You gave me a little bit of inspiration. You know, it was. A little bit of inspiration. So we got Fedcox.

00:06:05
We got Ziggy. We got Ellen. We got the Roy McCoy Top Doc. Si Bueno. Mr. John El Floriano. Lazy Bear. Oh, John Doe Cheesecake. We got Rosie AFR Mark S. We got Danny Diggs. For Jerry, the Roy McCoy. And though it's too long, three whole days was time to get rid of. Don't get withdrawal symptoms, bro. We trademark this up and down. We don't give a fuck. It's just dead. It's just dead. So we got Biggie. By the way, guys, yesterday was a celebration of the Eid for a lot of Muslims, but also today. So it was like the half of the Muslims in the world, they saw the moon somewhere and then you

00:07:00
got the other side they saw they saw the moon a day later so so uh congrats to all people that are celebrating eating the world so good evening everyone we got walid we have ryan we got marissa we got that rick we got uh the duck in the house just me i'll be mine we just see as you see we got ft what do you got where to go we got kirk got jigs we got uh jeff blaze my dog we got dark Michael Vorba. Guys, keep an eye on this Michael Vorba. I don't know why, but I think that this Michael Vorba is one of those guys with potential. I just feel it. This guy, he likes racing, and I think that he likes trading.

00:07:41
These people that are successful in sports, what does that say about those people? First of all, they've got talent, but all those people that do sports, they are very dedicated. They're very strong. They don't give up. They work very hard and you know when they, you know, you have to see it like this because you know I've been playing sports at a very high level uh many many decades ago and you know um I also played for a national team by the way I'm not going to tell you what sport or whatever but you know I know that feeling when you want to be the best in something when you know, I just know how that feels like. So, you know, I think that Michael Vorba has got that.

00:08:21
So, what do we got? Oh, we got the frogman. We got Leon. The Mannschaft. Mannschaft, Deutschland, Germany. We got Gap. We got Pip. We got Stacey. We got Adria. We got Salsa. Let's go. Goedemiddag. Goedemiddag vanuit de woestijn. Okay, let's see. Let's see. Okay, guys. Let's start him. By the way, guys. Forgive me for the screen because I'm doing this live stream on a laptop. i'm not on my desk and that's also why i asked salsara to help me you know manage manage manage the the the you know the producing and you know whatever it is the music etc etc so i can focus on this one so forgive me about the screen screen

00:09:02
is a little bit okay so first of all guys thank you for all the dms and thank you for all the traits that we have been nailing again again and again and i understand that for some people it's a surprise that we nailed them for me it's no surprise and for a lot of people that have been with me for a very long time it's also a surprise so that's one number two for the ones that are you know interested in gtc in the team guys be very careful there are a lot of gtc fake accounts scam accounts out there it's a lot so if you are interested because they're opening some spots for their april they're going into april Again, a lot of some people uneducated retailers that they have been asking and advising to leave the group or at least pause the group until they get a little bit more matured in trading, then come back.

00:09:48
There are also a lot of people that are more willing to join them. But let me tell you this guy's before you're going to join them, you know be sure that you already be you're educated by me; you saw my leverage trading course, oh by the way if you join them, you will get the leverage trading course so they will give it to you. But let me just say this guy's, if you join those guys don't expect those... I don't know maybe you were In some doctor profit group or in some I don't know what to expect some signal group whatever these guys are professional traders and when they share a trade they

00:10:19
go on it, you know these guys are very serious most serious people I know and they don't lose and they don't want to lose so when they take trades they chase trade a lot they choose their targets and they don't make like you know 20 30 40 trades in a week they take maybe like four at least the ones that they share. They make a lot of trades, but the ones that they share that they feel comfortable on while they're protecting your portfolio at the same time, they share maybe like two, three, four, five, six, seven trades. It depends on how the markets are. And that's it. but you know when they do they

00:10:50
do it good that's just you know that's just their stuff that's what they do so the only account that these guys have they have only one account that's that's gtc team traders i think if i remember it good so that's the only account that they own so and by the way guys be patient they will respond to all of you on time so Tomorrow is the new month, I think. So they will respond to everyone. So that's about that. About me, guys, for the ones that are in the Patreon, it's very simple, guys. Don't think that Telegram and Patreon is exactly the same. The only thing that we are saying is on Telegram, you can pay with crypto, no taxes.

00:11:27
countries they are paying 30 40 taxes sometimes patreon is easily increasing the monthly fees the fees are only 49 bucks and uh you know i don't know what patreon is doing i don't know you know for me it's very simple on the pin post you'll find my telegram and it's very simple over there you can do whatever it is so if you are already in patreon it's no problem just remain there stay there when your subscription ends you can flip the telegram it's that simple very simple not a lot of so that's about that also there's coming a lot of news i already shared some of it uh on twitter so you know there's

00:12:03
a lot of working very hard behind the scenes and uh just wait for me to announce to make announcements so just wait for me there's a lot going to happen so let me get into the trades before we go into the crypto trades we're going into uh our our trades that are running in the altcoins we're going to talk about the mark so mark is very simple guys it's mind-blowing look at wall street look so over here we went up I know, I know. By the way, guys, for the ones that are DMing me, thank you so much. Yes, I know. MW, you keep nailing. It's mind-blowing. The only thing, the only thing that you have to do is, you know, if you don't lie, don't be dishonest, just be honest.

00:12:43
The only thing that I ask retailers to do is this. Because I was talking with Salsara today about this. You know, you have to fight. We have to fight. I'm fighting. So while I'm fighting for you guys because that's what I'm doing. I'm fighting for you guys. So you guys will not get wrecked What I'm asking from you is this I'm asking for you. Just one don't go do it ten times a day Because that's when they will ghost you and they will, you know. Don't do that. Just just one time in a day, for example M will kill a predicted this or M will killer made me this trade or Elm Killer is

00:13:23
nailing the pnls or ML Killer is this or whatever it is I don't care what it is just be honest or maybe ML Killer is a big f**k or ML I hate the guy ML Killer sucks I don't give a f**k what you want to do just be honest for me it's just be honest, be honest. Just don't lie. Just be honest. What I'm wanting is that you guys make this as a comment on all the big accounts in crypto and why am I saying this because normally you know There will be soon there will be someone that will give you some more instructions about this, you know I don't work with crypto content creators. I don't work with altcoins to be shield.

00:14:00
I don't work with the marketing machine, I don't work with all these scary people. The only people that I got is you; you are my people. I fight for you. And I expect just a little bit something back from you. The only thing that you have to do is, you know, suppose that some big crypto account, they just posted something. They know that a lot of retailers will go into that post. Just put a comment out there and we'll just tell the truth. Don't lie. Just tell the truth. Just one time or two times a day. It's enough. But if my retail firm will do this, like, you know, like two, three, four, five hundred people every day in all those accounts, whatever you want to choose. That's how you help me.

00:14:39
That's how we grow. That's how we will destroy the marketing machine. You guys have no clue how strong you are together. If the retail family, just together, just do this once. It's five seconds work. Five seconds. You're scrolling through your feed and then you see some recent posts from some big account. And then you put in just, you know, my tag and will kill it. That's it. Just once, a time nobody, nobody will harass you about it, nobody will feel bad about it, nothing. You just do that one time or you do it two times in two accounts every day while you're scrolling and we'll kill this and just tell the truth again. I'm not asking you to lie for me, I'm not asking you to show me just say the freaking truth, just say okay and we're gonna call your stop and we'll go cold the Bitcoin top, I'm all cold this short and we'll call cold that's all code.

00:15:32
I'm gonna call this one, just say the truth, I'm not asking you to lie, just say the truth, okay. So that's what I'm asking from you guys, that's what I'm asking for you guys, so basically, so we had this, you know, we had this down and I told you know, I told you that this was gonna happen, guys, I told you that this was gonna happen, I told you, we had this one. Oh, go away, um, where is it? Why is this thing going up? I want you over here, um, this one, so we had we had we had this dump down, and I told you we're going to have this bounce and this

00:16:06
bounce, I told you also exactly over here, that's what uh, I know it's sick, guys, now it's sick, it's going down, and now we are making that double that I told you about, also a couple of days ago, you know everything that is happening now, I also already told you about it, I told you about it over here, told you about this, you know everything that is happening now, I already told you about this, so you know. Actually, I took you into the future, and why is it so important? Because if you trade it just based on this, you would have made sick money because over here where I was shouting like you have to buy the blood guys buy the blood heroes are telling you buy fart coin buy SPX buy Giga whatever you know all those Cody etc.

00:16:54
over here we're buying them Over here was already yelling, take profits, guys. Take profits, guys. Take profits, guys. Please, don't be greedy. Just take profits. Over here is where we took profits. Over here was also when I told you, okay, prepare to open up the short, short, short. Because over here was telling you, focus on the longs. Focus on long. Focus on long. Over here they were telling you, focus on shorts. Focus on shorts. Focus on shorts. This is how you make money up and down. That's it, and you know it was very funny because I've been watching some of my feed and I saw some accounts out there pretending as if they understand macro. You know, oh Trump, you know Trump is Trump is Trump is killing the markets and Trump is making trouble.

00:17:39
And you know the SPX is looking what the are you talking about? You don't know, you don't understand, you know, you've been shilling people to go all in for months. And now out of the sudden, oh, the markets are going down. You should be very careful. I think that we might go down. I'm going to tell you everything about it today. Yes, yes. Bro, you already destroyed all these people because you told them go all in, go all in, go all in at the top. When MW was short, ETFs were getting announced. When MW started telling people, okay, get out of the markets. You guys were all telling them, go all in. We have no money. This is your lot. There will be no other dip.

00:18:25
And then now out of the sudden, yeah, well, you know what? Well, the markets are dumping. And, you know, not exactly when we are at the double bottom. Yeah, well, you know, maybe the markets are down and Trump is horrible. You know what they want? They want you to sell your bags in big losses. because they were fucking you they were fucking they fuck you over here telling you to go all in and they fuck you over here to tell you well the markets are not looking that good so what does that mean the market's not looking that good it means they want you to sell your bags wrecked so when the bounce happens then oh fuck these fuckers are fucking me again and again and again they keep fucking me these fuckers what you do you gotta buy in again

00:19:11
on a balance of 10 20 30 you gotta buy in again and the way you buy it again oh it's gonna hit the indicator and then it dumps down again yeah well yeah well guys this is the game this is how the game works this is just how it works in city how much more do i need to show you guys to believe me this is what they do they create you the sentiment don't listen to these These fuckers, this is exactly what they do. These guys are horrible. These guys are monsters. These guys have no souls. These guys will suck you in and they spit you out and they stamp on your fucking face. That's what they do. Okay, back. Listen, guys. So this is the double.

00:19:58
And we even made, so let me move this a little bit over here. This over here, guys. We made another low. So we made another low. I told you we need to test this red zone. So Wall Street is pretty strong. So we're not testing this red zone for now. So it's bouncing up. But listen, guys, this would be at some point, this should be super bullish because this is the double that I've been talking about. This double, see? This double could pump markets up. let me tell you what is disturbing me a little bit on this one i'm gonna show you i'm gonna show you i'm gonna take you step by step that's what i do look at this one come on internet look at this one this thing is still at super low or not super low but it's still at low level so this thing we were over here this was the low up

00:20:56
down so now we're struggling to get above the indicator so let me just tell you this if this thing we are here at pretty big support so if this thing if the dollar would come down to the 99 cents levels then i would say okay okay well maybe that double is going to work out in the us 500 will pump the markets up with with crypto included i would believe it at that point but then i'm going to look at another chart and i'm going to look at this one this internet sucks so over here this one this is the this is the euro against the dollar this one you see it's it's it's it's the indicators let me remove all this remove so this one it's holding the indicator over here let me put it on the wiki so you can see it better better better so this thing i told you already i i'm very embarrassed

00:21:56
on on the euro i'm super bearish on the euro by the way not only embarrassing super bearish on the euro super super bearish on the euro so the euro over here we didn't test this zone yet we came over here but i think that we gotta touch this one i think that we gotta touch it and if we're gonna touch this one it means that this one it means that this one will probably go test at least the indicator at the 106 levels and if this one goes to the 106 levels it means that this one most probably Doesn't have to be like that, oh my god, look at this, so um this thing will probably come or probably make another dump down, so that's what I'm expecting, now that's what I'm playing on, so for me now at this moment, this, this, this bounce that is making so this double is super bullish,

00:22:47
I told you again and again and again, it's you know in in trading uh how you, how you can recognize that, you know the big boys against the small whatever boys out there boys just boys you know making a pattern, everyone can do this, predicting it is another, you know you have to dig in deep to know, okay, is this double gonna play out, yes or no and for now I'm not. Seeing it so, yes we could bounce up here very strongly, no problem. You can use the even on the four hour to get a little bit more confirmation, you know, you know, you know, you know all people, yes, confirmation over here, so oh it's pretty far away by the way it's oh it's testing in one hour as we speak it's testing the one hour so let's see, let's see how it's gonna play out, you know I'm, you know I'm, you know I'm, told you this is a double so over here you should, you should have bought some blood crypto

00:23:47
just like I explained, this was the well so you should have bought at least a little bit of blood for the bounce up, so you should have bought something. Up so it should be in a little bit of green now, but um, yeah. And take profits on the way up, so I don't think that a lot more is going to happen, so that's about that. Let me go to a bit of coin; a bit the coin is just uh reacting over here on the markets, that's what it's doing that's oh, it does in the way, guys, uh, in the last room, uh, after that expiry I already told you that, you know, if Bitcoin will not push to the 88 or the $93, if we pushed over here to the alien, but if we're not going to push into this red zone after the expiry, you know, I think that things are much worse.

00:24:29
So let me just say this: uh, I'm Very very very very very bearish on bitcoin and I think that bitcoin will make uh will make its dump so let me see where are we now let me let me uh we do have another chart, I have another chart, this one you have another one, no, I don't, this dominance you've got another Bitcoin chart with some, no, I don't, why I don't have that, I had I made a nice chart for Bitcoin, I made several ones, why is it not showing now? So yeah, for me, it's you know, it's very clear, you know, it's just a matter of time. We'll hit this zone. I will the $70,000, you know, and the $70,000 is just a matter of time in my opinion.

00:25:19
So even if this thing will just travel over here, whatever 85 86, you know, we traveled when we dumped out over here from there. I called this topic to perfection, you know. I need to find that video when I call the 103 and I call the 109 because I called this before it happened; i call this into perfection because I remember that I called the top uh the previous cycle at $69,000 or $70,000 into perfection and I also called this top, I think it was over here somewhere. I call this stop into perfection, this top 109. i made a vid exactly i told you this and bitcoin might dump to 109 and that will be the end of it so it's now now and you know you know

00:26:04
we have this you know you know we have this weekly candle over here this is a nasty candle by the way and this was also into that close it's really ridiculous that you know there just were no bulls left no no bulls no bulls so into the expiry this was very you know that was a sign to me okay this is these these these these these motherfuckers they really want to dump it down so for now it's just the marks holding it down so for me it's just a matter of time we're gonna hold we're gonna hit this i think we're gonna hit this so it might chop around over chop around and then you know we might hit this create a little bit be by the way guys be very very careful i'm gonna buy in in the red zone over here i'm gonna I'm gonna buy in, I'm gonna buy in, I'm gonna buy it, I'm gonna repeat myself, I'm gonna buy.

00:26:51
You gotta buy, you gotta buy it. I'm gonna update you guys what I'm gonna buy exactly just like uh past time but uh I'm gonna buy so for now this is you know what we're seeing now this jumping around this is just for us trading this we gotta trade the crap out of a lot of altcoins just what we have been doing on Bearer like we have doing on Layer like we have done on What Is It Teams it was on Party it was on Whatever, just make money, make money, it's just free, it's out there, just just make the money, just just enjoy yourself, just. You know the there was one guy who told me this and I'm gonna buy myself a car, what kind of car? A Mercedes, well, whatever, okay.

00:27:27
Well, congrats, yeah! It's a car for uh, what was it 47k or something? Oh, congrats! I'm glad for yeah, you know I made it. Wow, shorting outcomes, what yes? Shorting outcomes, you teach me, well, you showed me what. Thank you, Mr. I'm working, I'm gonna buy Mercedes. I'm from Russia, I'm from Russia, I'm gonna buy Mercedes. Why? Because I'm from Russia and I like German cars. I don't like German people, but I do like German cars. Oh, so you're going to buy Mercedes? Yes, I'm going to buy Mercedes. And I made it by shorting shitty coins. I never did it before, but you showed me the way. And now I'm making money. So I want to tell you thank you, Mr. World Killer. I really want to thank you.

00:28:06
Can I send you a little bottle of vodka? With the best vodka. A vodka is very nice in Russia. I want to send you a nice button, Mr. Welcome, because you made me a lot of money. These Russians, I love them; I just love these Russians for the reason so... um, so yeah, it's now a little chatting around and uh, for all the money, okay? So that's about that. So let me go to the altar; let me go to the altar, let me go to the altar, coins, I'll take coins, and let me like this. I need to see what's freaking so... We got better! First of all, Oh, what a beauty, what a beauty! Oh, Berra, Berra, Berra, Berra. Berra, Berra, Berra!

00:28:53
How much money did you guys make in the live stream in the chat? How much money did you make from this? A lot of money, aren't you? You made a lot of money on this, didn’t you? Didn’t you? Didn’t you? You shouldn’t mess with them. And you did. So now you’re feeling the pain. It’s just what it is. So congrats, everyone, for Barra. So Barra, Barra, Barra! And then we got this Lay 3. What is it? It’s a Lay 3. Look at this. Lay 3. Oh! Oh! Yeah, all three. Oh! Okay, there you go. Now you got this Tutu. Tutu! Tutorial. Hmm. Is the tutorial still looking juicy? Gotta do some more research on this one; I will let you know, I will let you know, I will let you know.

00:29:46
Then what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Okay, we got this layer of a layer, layer has been fighting so strong, look at this chart, guys, look at this chart! I'm gonna remove all of this, so layer has been, you know, layer have, layer has been, uh, you know, showing a lot of power. You cannot, you know, these Koreans know better by now, you know. You cannot fight a war killer. Do you really think that this scandal is going to change Rita Film's mind? Mr. Korea, I don't know how to do the Korean accent, by the way. I really have no clue how to do the Korean accent. But, you know, Mr. Korea, you have to understand that it doesn't matter how you want to manipulate the charge.

00:30:30
It doesn't matter how strong you want to do it. It doesn't matter with how many of you guys will do it. I trained my retail fam to protect themselves from you. So you do you. But you have to always know that at the end of the road, we will share the peanuts and we are going to make money. So next time when you see me posting something, just let it go. Don't even try it. Just let it go, so congrats for everyone! What do we hit? We hit the one, three, one, I think that this thing will very, very, very soon come to the you know, one oh and uh, uh what are you, what are you?

00:31:17
I think that I think that it's just Bitcoin, are holding bouncing a little bit, I think that this thing will, you know, very soon, very soon we'll go. Test this service again, you know! Because, you know, we had it. You have to see it like this. Uno, dos, tres. Uno, dos, tres. And, you know, this is where you take profits. So don't go, don't go, oh, no, I'm working. I'm going for the home run. That's not what we do. That's what they want you to do. They want you to do that so they wreck you. That's not what we do. What we do is we are traders. We make money. We close that money and we go hunt again. We're going to look for the weak ones.

00:31:59
We're going to look for the best opportunities that will give us the massive gains. That's what we do. That's our style. We're not going to make this personal. We're not going to make this personal because when you're going to make things personal, that's when the emotions get in. And that's not what we do. We don't let emotions get to us. What we do is, yes, exactly, that's what we do. We are traders. We are no gamblers. So we trade. We fight. And when the rewards come, we take them. Why do we take them? Because we close them in. And then we're going to reserve a little part. And with that other part, we got to make. We got to go into the next fight. And the next fight. And the next fight.

00:32:40
And the next fight. And the next fight. And at some point, it will be no fights anymore. Because you will be the MWs. And the MWs, they just, you know, whatever. Oh, well, you went, oh, let's short it. Let's long it. And then you just go to sleep and, you know, or you sleep two days or three days and suddenly you open up. Oh, oh, I was right again. Yes, you were right again. Why were you right again? Because you're doing it the professional way. Because you're no fucking amateur. Because the crypto game is made for amateurs. There are no professional traders in crypto. You know why? They eliminate them. They ghost them. They make sure that they will not appear.

00:33:22
in crypto you got only emotional greedy amateurs trading crypto so you guys now if you follow or watch my live stream oh by the way for the leverage trading course vids you can you can either join the team you'll get them there but it's it's how to get them it's it's very simple guys beat the next or blow off your links are below beat the next of bluffing be to next or bluffing bluffing or briefly bluffing or bitterness open up a freaking account Trade 100k DME. I will give you access to them. That's simple. That's that's so and the ones that are you know, oh, I'm so in love with my Binance account. I only trade on Binance. Okay, go join the team. Go join the team. Go join the team.

00:34:12
Okay. So, let me see. What do we got? Chimps. Boom, boom. James, thank you. Fartcoin. Oh, Fartcoin. Fartcoin, by the way, guys. Fartcoin is by far the most popular coin in the retail fare. And, you know, there was one guy who told me, listen, MW, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Fartcoin, don't you make that massive, that massive, massive, massive, massive P&R that you showed us. How did you do that? I want that also, it made almost a 3X. How did you do that? You know how they did that? Let me tell you. You have to listen. Fucking listen. Because, you know, when it was dumping and I told you, listen, this is the coins. You have to be focusing on meme coins. Focus on fucking meme coins.

00:35:08
Don't listen to those that were getting you into, you know. This is what makes me mad. You know, maybe I'm repeating myself too much, but, you know, I have to fucking say this. They were telling you to buy meme coins. They were telling you to buy meme coins in these levels over here and over here and over here. This is where they kill you. Buy meme coins. This is where the marketing machine will destroy you. And why am I repeating myself? It's going to happen again. It's going to happen again and again and again and again and again. It's just what they do. When the temporary top will come in, that's when the promotion will be.

00:35:49
Making its made most hours so this is by the way when we start shorting the crap out of all the sponsors that’s what we do okay so like we did like we did our fart coin so but you know and this is what hurts me most is over here when we’re bottoming out and we’re having these bottom formations over here then you get this the same people that were telling you to buy away or to you know what maybe it’s like that we’re gonna flip yeah you know why yeah Maybe it’s time that, you know, these meme coins are worth nothing. Yeah. You know, I released three meme coins myself and I wrecked all of you guys.

00:36:25
But, you know, you know, I made millions on these meme coins while I wrecked you all. But, you know, you guys are stupid enough to keep following me and keep watching my show. So, you know what? I’m telling you now. just go look for some solid altcoins, you know, some solid, strong, fundamentally altcoins. Yes, okay, that’s what we got to do. Okay, you know what? Fuck it. I'm going to sell my Fartcoin because I'm in like 80% line of loss. And, you know, you're the same person that told me to buy meme coins and rocked me like over and over and over again and cycle after cycle. So you keep fucking me every freaking time. You told me that I need to focus on solid. Okay, well, fuck it.

00:37:00
I'm going to buy some Polkadot. I'm going to buy some Atom. I'm going to buy some Sui. I'm going to buy some Say. I'm going to sell this fucking Fartcoin. And then Fartcoin makes a 3x. Oh, oh goes up with 300. Oh, what did I do? What did I do? Yes, The M Will Killer, he was telling me at the top that he was gonna short it. He, it, he killed it; he killed it. And then you know, M will killer. You know the meme con killer of 2024. Because that's how they call me, I mean, and they're right because nobody has been making millions on shorting meme coins, apologies that are like me, and sharing it openly.

00:37:39
By the way, nobody, nobody well, my will killer the biggest meme coin killer is telling you to buy SPX Giga, a fat coin, well they're all telling you just stay away from it; they pump the hardest on the bounce. So I want you guys to listen to me because why? Because it's gonna happen again and again so we're gonna be there so I'm gonna update you very soon I'm gonna make a meme coin uh what I think the meme was double that will uh pump the most uh and let me see uh here also this guy look at this look at this look at this Mr. CZ, Mr. CZ, here, Mr. CZ look at this boom, boom, boom they're just sucking in and then this is no surprise Go watch my BNB, my Biden's BNB coins.

00:38:30
Look at this. Just look at this. Now you got this plume. Look at plume. Look at plume. Look at plume. Come on, plume. Look at plume. Look. See this? See this? Those lines are not there for nothing. And by the way, guys, the strongest coin, this is, by the way, the strongest coin, guys. This still is. It still is the strongest coin. Strongest coin in crypto in my opinion and look at this guys, look at this, you know we have been chasing this, we have been destroying this, this fucking coin, this OM but listen guys, it's still holding, we dumped it, dumped down over here, but this is still holding the line over here, it's holding this line over here.

00:39:10
Okay, so also I know that you guys probably forgot about this, I also tweeted something about an ecosystem that I want to buy. So, this ecosystem, I'm not going to buy the altcoins related to it. I'm interested in two coins. I'm interested in the ecosystem itself, the coin, the native coin of this ecosystem itself. And I'm going to look for the meme coin, the biggest meme coin of this ecosystem. And I'm not going to announce it today. I'm going to make a special live stream for that one because I want to use the timing right because I want to time it. So when I do it, maybe I'm even going to do this live stream and buy it live.

00:39:49
i'm gonna talk i'm gonna start buying dca live here i'm still not gonna buy it i think it's just too high for me now but i'm gonna share it with you very soon soon soon soon soon um uh let me let me see let me see what we're gonna do okay guys so that's basically it what i was gonna talk about for me let me go back to uh let me go back to uh to bitcoin uh what i'm expecting i think that bitcoin bitcoin is really pathetic guys it's super bearish so my my thesis my bs stays the same if it changes i will tell you change but it didn't change for now

00:40:24
so now it's just the bounce from this freak so we're gonna get this bounce it will be chopping around maybe come back together but you know it in my opinion the us 500 needs to test this this red zone and we didn't yet so let me remove this one although this is super bullish this double but you know i just you know you know at some point you know my my my my my my gut feeling i need to i need to tell you and by the way i didn't do the educational part by the way i'm gonna save that for the next one because i think that uh all people has been getting beaten up enough by me today.

00:40:59
And I think that his wife is also very angry at me for beating him up every time again and again and again. Because she's envying me. She's telling me, listen, MW, just go fuck yourself. I'm the only one that is in right to beat the fuck out of Oppiemann. And while you're beating the fuck out of him, at some point, you're not leaving anything to me. Let me fuck him up for you. You just shut the fuck up. Let me do it for you. Just joking, Oppiemann. no listen so um uh guys i'm gonna i'm gonna close it up so for now let's just watch how strong this bounce is uh by the way the shorts are running uh I think that profits have been taken.

00:41:40
But, you know, as long as we're below this Indy, the shorts will only get added and added and added and added and taken profits and added that resistance. So just trade the Indy. Just like I educate you guys. Just trade the Indy. It's that simple. It's, you know, it's that simple. It's that simple. Okay, guys. Thank you so much. I love you all for joining in. And, you know, until the next next week, guys. remember the thing that i told you uh maybe salsa want to say something at the end of this stream i don't know if she want to say something while she's in the jungle i don't know should i say something

00:42:16
so guys be patient there will be a lot coming in the next couple of weeks so just give us a bit of time and some patience okay thank you so so thank you for that one guys i love you all trade well my friends and take it step by step and the ones that have been dming me on on x uh patience please i will respond to every single one of you and in the meantime just treat the out of the markets just like you're doing and you know when i'm seeing some opportunities by the way when i'm seeing some opportunities on the charts you know when i'm seeing something like oh oh this might be where you can make some money i'll share it just like i'm always sharing it just follow me and by the way i want to give a little bit of a shout out to you know to to to helena helena helena's killing it lady here you know

00:43:03
You can also, by the way, you can also, by the way, if you know, you know, like NW, I don't give a fuck. I don't, you know, I don't give a fuck. You know what? You can also just copy, copy the post of Helena. Those, those beautiful bits that you're making, those gifts or whatever you want to call it. You can, you can copy them as a comment in one of those accounts. The only way to help me so I can help you even more and more and more and more. I'll update you on Twitter, and until the next live stream, thank you all for watching, and @salsara, you can close it down now, boom, boom,

00:43:58
know the sound.
*** Live Stream 04-03-2025 Is the Best Crypro Trader on the webs buying Altcoins Now *** 

00:00:01
Three, two, one, go! Welcome, welcome, welcome, retail fam, MW! I'm welcome welcome today. Oh, retail fam, you have been making so much noise, I've been seeing on Twitter. Well, I was a little bit distracted with some other things, I'm setting up my new office, my new desk, so I'm a bit off, you know, a bit off, but you know, I know that you guys are killing it every day again and again because why? I'm going to tell you why we kill it every day. Because we don't trade based on what happened yesterday or the day before or the same day. We already prepare ourselves. You know, we prepare ourselves. Okay, we're here. We're going there. And then we're going to go there. And from there, we're going to take it there.

00:00:42
You know, when you own that, when you have those skills, when you prepare people for that. You don't have to update them. They know what to do. They know what to do. And all those P & L's on Twitter, I think those are showing you. What we're doing, you got the MW indicator, I'm always saying it when I'm not around the MW indicator is always around, so he will show you the way and you just trade the thing to death. So welcome, welcome, welcome! All we're going to talk about a lot of financial markets. It's going to be a long stream, so we're going to talk about financial markets, we're going to talk about Trump, we're going to talk about Bitcoin, we're going to talk about dominance, back sheet gold, silver, DXY, uh, we're going to talk about a lot and after that we're going to talk about a lot of altcoins A lot of altcoins.

00:01:22
And I'm going to give you guys my honest opinion, what I think will happen and why it will happen, how it will happen. And, you know, this is going to be one of those, you know, one of those shows when, you know, when I make some predictions and then you just wait for them to play out. That's it. So Salsara is with us. So shout out to Salsara. She's with us today also. So I would suggest Salsara. Shout out to her. And I suggest you guys will make some noise. And we'll let the music run. Boom, boom.

00:03:33
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What do we got? What do we got there? Seems everyone is printing money. Who is this guy? Who is this Chinese lettuce? Seems everyone is printing money. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We got Raza. We got Rex. We got Nicolas. We got Pedro. We got Sue Park. We got Dil Claro. Travel, my bro. Here we got something with Chinese or Korean lettuce. I don't know. If you're Korean or Chinese, let us know. Let us know. Let us know. Are you Chinese or Korean? Hello, everyone. Well, hello to you also. So what is it, Ziggy? We've got DillVision. We've got Leon. We've got TopDog. Oh, my God. TopDog is in out.

00:04:14
Elcon. Janice, the trader. TopDog. Janice. MudDog. John. RiffPop. Bonjour. LS. We got, what do we got? Field C on the States. We got, yeah, that's about that. There are not a lot of people in here. How is this possible? You only got 27 people in here. That's impossible. Oh, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me. We are, something is not right. We are alive now. Something is not right. Something is not right. Where is the rest? Where are they? Where is the rest? Where is everyone? Something ain't right. Something ain't right. I hope that the patrons have got there. Did the patrons get their links? I think they did. I'm also on Telegram. 27? Okay, well, I don't know what's going on.

00:05:05
I hope that they all got, yeah, they should be all having, they should be getting in. Let me click it. Let me see if it's working. Yes, it's working. Okay, okay, okay. Oh, that's strange. That's so strange. Where is everyone? Okay, whatever. We're going to jump in. We're going to jump in, guys. So first of all, we're going to start with this one. This one is bouncy. Listen, for the ones that have been watching my last stream. you know i told you again and again and again we're gonna test this red zone it's just that simple you gotta test it so it was no doubt to me it was no this is no surprise to me nothing we were going to test this red zone and we're testing it right now so the big question now is are we gonna hold it yes or no because why because we didn't touch it over here we're now in it so now is really when the boost the wall street boost will start

00:05:57
Start fighting back against this terrorist or whatever. You guys know me. I'm not about this terrorist or whatever. It's not about terrorists. The markets need to come down anyway. So, terrorists or not terrorists, I don't give a freak about terrorists. So, you know, OK, terrorists will maybe create even more. Create even more inflation. Okay, well, whatever. Did inflation, did it have an impact on the markets past year? No, it didn't. So, you know, markets need to come down. So it doesn't matter if Trump is doing this terrorist thing, whatever, you know, it's just, you know, I don't give a crap about that. The markets just need to come down. That's it. Hey, Annie, sorry to disturb you, but the link is not out. We're not going to travel.

00:06:54
Around this level, and you guys know me, I'm, you know, this is for the bounce rates now. The bounce rates will get created, I think, the coming hours, days. And for me, yeah, waiting for this blue zone to get hit. Oh, MW, are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. Yes, I'm sure. I'm going to wait for this one to get hit. I'm going to talk about, this is not a lot, by the way, guys. This is just 8%, 9%. To the bottom. So don't think that this is a lot. This isn't a lot. You know, don't get, you know, don't get afraid. Oh, we're going down to nine. It's just 8%. 8% is nothing, guys. This is from top to bottom. So top to bottom, this is just 20%.

00:07:38
That's all. It's just 20%, you know. This is start selling organs, remember? This is what we need. We need, we need, we need this one, 30%. This is when you really can start saying, 'okay, okay, MW, really dumped hard. It's now time to guess, you know, guess we have to go in. So for me now, it's, you know, we're testing this now. So now it's nice with some bounce plays over here. And then after the bounce plays, then we're going to check for this one. They're going to check for this one. And this is where we're going to go. They're reading it, 70%. 70, there is no post on Patreon ah ah, there's no post on Patreon, oh how is that possible?

00:08:24
One minute please, guys so I'm you know I was always thinking, 'how is this possible one moment please uh like this like this, ah I'm gonna get a lot of a lot of a lot of angry Patreons though. So I thought, 'I told you something ain't right something ain't right, something ain't right, but no! It's now, it's now on Patreon, Patreon. Yes, there it is. There is no Patreon, guys. It's not Patreon. So let's wait a little bit Let's wait a little bit for the patrons to to join in yeah i think that we're gonna get okay now they're coming in now they're ready forgive me patrons forgive me forgive me i really posted

00:09:18
it but it didn't went it didn't go through so forgive me patreons are coming in so forgive me oh i'm so sorry patrons so uh so patreons whatever it is that you missed we're gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna go through uh i'm gonna go forward so for now this should hold guys this is really this is really strong but I'm, you know, based on what I'm seeing, I'm going to explain. I'm going to explain to you guys why. I'm going to explain to you guys why I'm worried. So please don't say, oh, this, that, whatever. No, just listen, guys. Let me, let me, let me, let me do my thing. Let me do my thing. Let me do my thing. What is it? Oh, he's from Taiwan. Okay, well, welcome.

00:10:04
Welcome, bro. Welcome, bro. You know, a lot of retail firm members; they're afraid that you were one of those Korean, you know. Korean wheels in the chat, let's listen so welcome, welcome, welcome. No, uh, uh, seriously guys, so um, I'm gonna show you guys exactly what worries me why I'm worried, I'm gonna oh four 76 patrons please forgive me, patrons please forgive me, forgive me. I did post it, it didn't go through, travel 11 saved you guys so forgive me, patriots forgive me, forgive me. I didn't say a lot; the only thing that I said is about the US $ 500 and why we're testing the red zone, so that's a little bit of summary what I get what I already said.

00:10:45
So uh, now I'm gonna explain you guys why I think, I think, that this red zone will not hold. Oh by the way, guys, you know I get a lot of times on Twitter; I got a lot on Twitter, a lot of people that you know, MW, please stop it and W, please flip uh, uh, if you if you if you, uh, uh, if you, if MW, please if you, uh, uh. Sorry, I was a little bit distracted by my phone and W, please um, uh, and W, please let me go back, please, please stop being bearish, please, please flip bullish, please just you know, you know these people that that do this first of all they fear me it's not that they love me, they fear me and why do they fear me because every time you know they follow me and they're holding a lot of bags and every freaking time they see that their portfolio Goes down even more and more, and then more,

00:11:53
and then more, and then they remember my voice; oh that freak was telling us it's going down, not to buy, not to buy, doctor. So at some point these people, you know they're losing so much money, so they you know I understand them, and I feel for them. I'm gonna be very honest with you; I feel for them. But let me tell you this: I'm not out there to satisfy you for your huddle bags; I'm out here to be objective. That's also why I don't do shills. I don't get paid. I don't do business with altcoins. I don't do business with marketing machine. I don't do business with anyone. I'm just over here, being objective. I'm going to tell you the real story.

00:12:30
And, you know, if the real story is not what you're looking for, you know, it hurts. It will help you the most. You know, I can, you know, I can be the bull. I have. I have the full right to be a bull now. Because why? Because we are, and the ones that are with me, we are all 100% in cash. So I've got all the rights to say, listen, we're going to buy these articles at a 90% discount. Just from two months ago or three months ago. I can do that. And do you know what happens when that, you know, I'm going to get a lot of engagement. I'm going to get a lot of attention. A marketing machine will start promoting my account, my Twitter account, my YouTube channel, everything.

00:13:07
It will make me a lot bigger than I am now. But I will not do that. I have to remain objective. I have to remain give you just my honest opinion. And I think that most of you guys are here for that. You're not here for the shields or for, you know, let MW. Give people get what they want to hear. Just tell them what they want to hear. I think that most of you guys, you're just here for my honest opinion. And if it's good or bad, you guys just don't give a freak. You just want me to be, you know, you want me to be honest. So, to be honest, I don't think that we're going to hold this one.

00:13:48
And I'm going to, you know, the difference between me and many is that, you know, they just go and shout; we think that this is, we're going to pop now. We think that this, you know. You've got also some, today I'm going to tell you why we are going to pump. Today I'm going to show you exactly why this thing is coming down. Today I'm going to show you exactly why it's going up. Tomorrow I'm going to show you why it's going down. These guys are specialized in marketing. These guys are specialized in fooling people. These guys are specialized in getting people to engage. Uh, you know and that they are getting wrecked, you

00:14:31
don't care about that but I do, that's the most important part for me to protect your capital so why do I think that this thing will dump harder, this is why this is, you know the ones that have been with me for a while now what did I tell you, I tweeted about this, I told you the best and the most dangerous times is when you see that the financial markets And the DXY will come down together. I've said this before. I told you this is where you have to be super careful. Why? Why do I think that this thing will dump more? I think that, you know, by the way, guys, if this thing dumps to this, this is just a retest of the previous hype. Where is it?

00:15:20
Where is it? Where is it? It was over here. This is the previous hype. Just keep in mind, I'm just lowering it up a little bit but keep in mind, uh, keep it, keep this in mind, it's very important, I'm gonna say now, keep in mind that, that, that this was a previous alternate, keep in mind, while we, you know, we went up, we did retest it over here, but not at the bottom, so we just came over here and then, so keep in mind that if this thing just retests the 48th level. Just keep in mind that's just super bullish and we're just still in a bullish trend. This is how high the financial markets are in FOMO. So, people who are blaming, you know, a lot of people that are hating Trump for doing whatever it is he's doing.

00:16:09
You should love Trump. You guys are crazy. And I know it's the ignorance and the people that are just not educated, don't understand markets, don't understand financial markets. Those are the stupid people, but those stupid people are the same people that are already like all in the market. So, I understand their feelings. They have no other choice than just to keep being bullish until the end of the cycle. But you have to see it like this. Trump, what Trump is doing, listen, these guys, while Biden was in charge, these guys were just ramping up using printed money and just ramping up these stocks into whatever. You know, I can show you this box, by the way. Remember this box? Guys, do you remember?

00:16:51
Yeah, if you if you remember, you'll say okay, I'm the craziest and the most ridiculous analyst trader in the world! If you if you if you know what these boxes are, so if you know what these boxes are, you know for the new members in here that are new in here, I shared this, I don't know, months ago or I don't know what. And I told them, listen, we got this one, got this one, and now we're gonna get this one. Then, you know, over here, before it even happened, I already shared this. And, you know, a lot of people probably think, oh, MWO, whatever. Listen, guys, look at this. So the bottom of this one is over here. Because this is just as important what we're seeing over here.

00:17:36
Because look, over here, when we hit this one, we hit the bottom of the box also. Over here, when we hit this one, we hit the bottom of the box also. And over here, when we hit this one, we didn't hit the bottom of the box yet. You see this? So it's not only this top that is similar to previous boxes. It's also the bottom, because this bottom and this bottom, it's the same. Are you seeing this? So this box is just as important as this top. And over here, boom, this was in one line. Boom, this was a little bit in one line and boom, this one uh we don't know what's gonna happen but let me just tell you this if we're gonna hit the bottom of the box yes that's when it's time for us to risk our money and you know go invest and put some you know some solid money you know we've been making so much money on these freaking you know On these freaking shorts.

00:18:43
You guys are all seeing all those P &Ls. And, you know, they got created every day again and again and again. Every time. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. And I already know that the coming weeks there will be even bigger P&Ls. You know? But that money that we're making. So forget about the fact that we're 100% in cash. Forget about that. Just forget about that. But we're also creating a lot of money on the shorts. But we have to flip that money. At some point, we have to flip it; we have to flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, and I put it in so why I'm telling you about this because I have to go back now to my to my other buddy at the DXY.

00:19:24
We have to go back to the DXY if you go back to the DXY, we can still dump a little bit more but guys, you know huh! If the DXY starts moving up, it's also bad for the markets so you want the best the best case scenario for the bulls is if the X/Y would be over here or here because then when you got like this time, this is when the markets pump and this is where the markets pump and this is where the markets pump and this is where the markets pump but look where we are now. So if this thing starts ramping up over here, this is also bad for the markets. Crypto, Bitcoin, stocks, doesn't matter.

00:20:19
So if we're going to hit this one and we're going to get another one like this, this is the moment that we got to, you know, make a lot of money on the loans. A lot of people probably think, 'What the freak is this MW talking about? This guy's crazy. Why are we even listening to this guy? Why are we even listening to this guy? Come on! Guys, no, seriously. I'm telling you. These are the moments when you go focus on lungs and not over here. Are you seeing what I'm seeing? Are you seeing this? This over here is when you have to be careful. Because this monster, when it starts rocketing up, it could destroy a lot of the markets. I'm not saying it will. We don't know.

00:21:12
We're just preparing ourselves. So, by the way, guys, this I'm not talking about, you know, not about day trading or about, you know, this could happen in days, in weeks. So you have to give it time. You have to give it time for markets to make those moves. Because if markets, you know, in one, two days when, you know, the S&P goes for that get bounce again. That could create some 20%, 30%, 50%, 80%, 90% on several altcoins that are super racked. But that's trading. But on the midterm, like weekly, like two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, probably what I'm explaining now is going to happen. I'm just saying. So that's why, let me remove this first, and then let me show you also, I'm going to show you something else also.

00:22:02
I'm going to show you the Euro is also doing whatever it's doing. So, also Euro, red, white, blue. Red, white, blue. That's the Dutch flag. So shout out to all the Dutch people. Seriously, guys. So, also something that I want to show you that is not looking good is this. Because look at this, guys. Look at this, guys, because the euro is your best friend as a crypto bull. What do you mean, MW? Yes, the euro is the best friend of the stocks and of the bulls. Because if the euro starts dumping, the markets also most of the time dump. By the way, guys, this is just 80%. Sometimes you get, you know, a little bit of, you know, the markets go a little bit, you know, crazy.

00:23:06
But that's just that, you know, that tweet that I tweeted about. That's just market makers are pushing the price into not the logic direction, just to flush some leverage out. And then it will come into the logic direction. That's just how it happened. Because look at this also, guys. The euro is at resistance zones. So this is resistance, so this is resistance, so this is also bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, so I'm trying to show you guys a little bit about this and a bit about that and you know as soon we're gonna talk about silver, gold, and a lot of stocks and this and that but you know that I'm gonna save that for another time so I'm just showing you now why I think Why I think I gave you now like, you know, I gave you now like a three, four, five charts and explanations.

00:23:59
Why I think that, you know, we might go sideways, we might bounce a little bit, but we're not there yet. We're not there yet. Our target is, this is our target. This is our target. This is our target over here. Sorry, over here. But this is our target over here. This is our target over here, 48. Between 5K and 48, this is our target. But you know, a lot could happen in the meantime before we're going to hit it. Because maybe, look over here. It took us like, what was it? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. It took us nine months. Nine months before we hit the bottom and went up again. Over here, it was better. It was just two months.

00:24:45
So over here, this is one, two, we don't know how much longer it's going to take. So for now, for the investors, you have to be patient. And for the traders, we got to make a lot of money. We got to make a lot of money. That's for the traders. And for the investors, in my opinion, you can start DCA buying because I think we already hit like 50% of the dump. You can start DCA buying slowly and selling the bounces. Or you just stay out of it, stay out of it, or go focus on how to you know, go focus on uh, or go focus on how to make money, how to make money trading.

00:25:29
Start using oh by the way guys, you know I have to do this every time if you want to join the Retail Fair, it's very simple: you go to my Twitter page or you go to GTC Insiders, you go to the link tree in a Link Tree; you can join the Telegram or your Patreon is over that's first number one. You can pay USDT and uh, if you want to join and get get the indicator and the leverage trading course if you are, if you're really serious about trading not some trading course that you've been paying for some money or you you join some whatever crypto school out there I'm not gonna no I'm not gonna say any names but whatever so if you're really Serious about trading? Trade on Blovin, Orbitinex.

00:26:12
Links are in the link tree. Also, in the description below on YouTube, by the way. Start trading. 100k trading volume. And that's how you get access to the leverage trading course vids. And for the ones that DM me, a patient, please. Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, I'll be answering all my DMs. I've got, I think, maybe like 300 DMs to answer. I will take my time and I will answer every freaking one of those. So that's about that. And then I wanted to show you guys another one. Oh, it's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Look at this. Look at this. Cutie, cutie, cutie, cutie. Oh, it's so bad. It's so bad. Look at this. Oh, lovely. I just love it. I just love it. I just love it.

00:27:08
I will never, never, never sell my Nvidia stocks because they're going to get me rich. No, no, MW, no, no, no. Sell your freaking Nvidia? I'm telling you he's got a top heart. No, MW, no. You're already 33% down. Well, congrats. And, you know, don't tell me about, yeah, but I bought it very cheap and I'm already in a lot of profit, so I don't care. No, you should care. You should care. You know, you can tell that to, you know, to all those hodlers. You can tell this to all those accounts. Yes, we're going to get rich in 2023. You know, when you're already dead and your kids are dead and your grand, grand, grand, grandchildren will maybe see that price. When money has no value anymore.

00:27:57
But save that crap for them. For me, don't come with me. I'm a trader. So when I tell you, you freaking take profits and watch out, this thing is going to dump, and you didn't, well, it sucks for you. Don't give me that crap. Don't give me that crap. The 33% down, this is my call. Oh, the ones that shorted this. Oh, I really love you guys. So enough about that. We're going now into Bitcoin. Bitcoin is holding very strong, by the way. So, kudos for, you know, respect for Bitcoin, respect for holding this strong. But let me tell you this. This is a nasty candle. And I already told you that this candle will get probably a continuation candle. So this candle is, you know, Bitcoin. It's very simple, guys.

00:28:46
And, you know, I respect the bulls, the Bitcoin bulls. I really respect them. I respect them for holding the line over here. You know why they need to hold the line? Because, why? If they wouldn't hold the line over here at this level, if the financial markets would go to that 5K level, Bitcoin might dump hard. And that's just not, that's something that should not happen. So because that would be really crazy. But let me just tell you this, guys. So for now, we're holding very strong. So our buy levels, like we have prepared them for weeks now. They are still in play. So the 69K is still in play, guys. So we have to, you know, we have to respect those. We have to respect them.

00:29:27
So that's when we're going to make a lot of money on longs again. So we're just going to wait it out. You know, I'm in a rush. We made this low 76K. So just come, baby, to the 70K, 69K. Don't be, you know, don't be. Don't be, don't be. You know, when you've got some capitulation or some, you know, some. You know, because this could happen if we got a lot of buys, a lot of loans opening over here, you might get this spike down to uh, to liquidate the the longs over here. It happens a lot, by the way, just like you're seeing over here, you know. This spike down, you know, they just liquidate but that doesn't matter because over here when we're over here, we start DC buying first of all in spotbacks and then over there, you can also open up a lot of loans on leverage, but you have to do the MW style and you know the MW style.

00:30:13
I'm gonna take you with me on a journey when we reach there, how I'm gonna do it and what we're gonna do, I'm gonna tell you exactly how we're gonna do it, listen. Guys, this it's just, uh, okay, well, whatever, so it's just that I'm telling you guys, I'm telling you; so, this is for me a buy-in, so yes, you heard me right, I'm going to buy here, you know. So, my, you know, You know, that capital is going, you know, up high. I'm buying. I'm going to buy all those wrecked altcoins. Oh, we're going to zero. Yes. I know that you are going to zero. I warned everyone at the top that you're going to zero. But I also told you we're going to buy them when they're near to zero.

00:31:06
Whip, whip, whip, whip, whip. Okay, Salsera. I think it's time. I don't know. It's not time yet. It's not time yet. This is, by the way, the one that's destroying all the altcoins for now. And, you know, let them destroy it. Why not? The more they destroy it, the more we're going to, you know, the better prices we're going to get. So just keep destroying. By the way, guys, we're reaching over here. There's levels over here. So we can get another one over here. But, you know, I don't care. You know, I'm not going to buy Bitcoin. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. I'm gonna buy a lot of some Bitcoin for uh but some Bitcoin I'm planning to do some giveaways uh uh this year in Bitcoin and you know I might buy some Bitcoin for that but you know I'm not interested in Bitcoin, it's that simple.

00:31:56
And why am I not interested in Bitcoin? That's why I'm not into Bitcoin, yeah. This is why this is why I'm not interested in Bitcoin, you see. But Kabish, kabish, we didn't hit my zone yet. We didn't hit my zone yet. So come on, you know, I'm buying ETH. That's what I'm doing. I'm buying ETH at these levels. I'm not interested in freaking Bitcoin. So let me show you guys something else. Pexi, look at Pexi, guys. It's holding like a boss. When are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. Remember, when are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. When are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. When are we going to buy in?

00:32:36
This is where we're going to buy. So it's all connected, guys. It's all connected. It's one big connection. It's just one freaking big connection. That's what it is. It's one big freaking connection. So when we're buying in, this is where we're buying. But we need really a big move up on this thing. Come on. Make a big move up. It will destroy a lot of crypto. Let me show you guys this one also. This one also, same story. Come on. I want to buy crypto. Come on, push. You know, a lot of people don't think, I don't give a frick. I don't give a frick. I trade with the charts. Show me. I'm here to make money. I don't give a frick about your feelings.

00:33:22
I don't give a frick about, you know, I just don't care. I just don't care. The only thing that I care about is your portfolio not getting wrecked. And what I care about is that we got to make a lot of money. A lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money. Oh, we want to see. Oh, we want to see MW Bullish. We please want to see. Guys, you're making money on the shorts. You're making money on the bounces. What more do you want? You want the jackpot. This is the jackpot. What you're seeing here, this is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jack. Oh, what happened? This is the jackpot over here. No, not this one. This is the jackpot over here. This is the jackpot over here. This is the jackpot over here. Jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It's time for the song because I'm going to prepare the altcoins. Boom, boom.

00:34:44
We stay cool. MW breaks every rule. Retail fam, we know the sound.

00:35:58
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So thank you so said ah, thank you girl. Okay, guys, by the way, did you see this one? Soros this thing? You know, you cannot show this thing at least not what I'm you know But let me tell you this let me do you see this coin if there is one calling that I would short the crap out It's this one Let me just tell you this. I'm going to, you know, I'm going to short the crap, you know, in the MW style, the GTC style. I would short the crap out of this one, so you know. But you know it's, you know, you can't sort it, you know. You can buy in a spot on bluffing, I saw, but you know you cannot short it.

00:36:38
It's, yeah, you know, this sorrow or whatever it is. I really don't, you know, but you know if you know this is really, this is really, uh, this is really, if I would short one coin, I would short the crap out of this one. Oh, it will short this thing to death. Oh boy, boy, boy, serious. But you cannot short this. But by the way, guys, you can only short this on MW style. A bull is just a bear, but with horns. Same, same, same, but different, but still same, you know. If you know the ones that are educated by me, you know there ain't no bulls there ain't no bears there are only

00:37:31
people that are making money, people wills whatever so you know I tried to teach you this for years now you know don't believe in this bull bear narrative it's you know it's just a lot of they're bullshitting you in your mind you know they're just trying to get into your mind they want to make you crazy you know I'm a bull he's a bear he's a bear What the frick are you talking about, bro? There is only people, wills, institutions, whatever. It's all about making money, making gains. That's what it's all about. Don't give a crap about bulls or bears. Stop. Go watch some soap series on Netflix or whatever. I don't know. Give a crap if you want the drama. Don't focus on the drama. Focus on money. Money, make money. Up, down, doesn't matter. Focus on that. Don't focus on bulls or bears. Who gives a crap about bulls?

00:38:32
okay so soros soros okay i just wanted to show you guys this you know if this thing if you know if they would open up the gates for the shorts on soros uh mw will be in the front line if they would open up the gates of this thing oh i know i know it doesn't have i know it oh Not FGB. You have to. How would you begin to scale? You have to understand the MW style, bro. You have to understand MW. You have to watch the leverage trade and go with it. That's what you have to do. Then you'll understand that. So I just want to show you guys this thing. By the way, this thing. Let me show you. Okay, let me first of all.

00:39:19
Guys, we're going to talk about a lot of altcoins. A lot of altcoins. We're going to talk about a lot, a lot of altcoins. So first of all, let me start with this one. Oh, oh, oh, bearer, bearer, bearer. Bearer, don't you think about giving me my 2 ,000% P &O. Don't you think about it. Just don't do it, bearer. Because we entered over here, and over here it was 1 ,600, 1 ,700. So, you know, I know. The bearer bulls were like, you know, wait a minute. MW is not going to hit that 2 ,000%. No, I didn't. And I never break a promise. So what did MW do? MW took massive profits and MW ended again. Oh, so actually I'm now at 3 ,300%.

00:40:09
Thank you, Bera. Thank you, Bera. So you didn't want to give me over here the 2 ,000%. No, you didn't. So now you're giving me 3 ,500%. And, you know, it's probably going to be 5,000% now. Because, you know, how many times do I need to tell this? You just can't fight FW. It's impossible to fight me. I broke the system. I broke it. So it doesn't matter what you're going to do. I'm going to be three, four steps ahead of you every freaking time again and again. You can't liquidate us. You can't counter-trade us. You can't. Why are you even trying? You can't. The only thing that you can do is surrender. Just freaking surrender. So I love, I love Bera. Bera is my baby.

00:41:04
Bera, baby, my baby, my baby, baby Bera. Oh, Bera, Bera. And you know what I like most about Bera is that, you know, I know that a lot of retail fan members that are in here, they made huge gains on Bera. Because why? They joined me over here, and they joined me over here. So, you know, what to say? There was one cockroach. He told me, 'MW, MW, MW, MW,' I cannot watch your live streams. to pay 49 bucks it's a lot of money for me i told him it's not a lot of money for you bro it isn't and i'm gonna explain you why 49 bucks is not a lot of money for you because if 49 is really a lot of money for you you shouldn't be trading crypto anyway you shouldn't be investing in crypto anyway if 49 bucks is too much for you you should use that 49 bucks to whatever pay your bills or Buy something for your children or buy food or whatever it is that you're doing.

00:42:09
Buy yourself a car or a bike. What are you doing in crypto? If 49 bucks is too much for you, then crypto, financial stocks or whatever it is, is also not made for you. Because if you think that you can make money leverage trading with 50, 100, 200 bucks. Maybe you go follow the trendline guy. Maybe, yeah, he's giving you promises. You're going to get richer 200 bucks. You're going to make a million bucks. Listen, bro, I'm not selling dreams. I'm selling reality for realistic people, serious people, you know, and that really want to make a living out of trading, that want to become financially independent. You know, that's what I'm selling. I'm not selling you these scammy dreams where you're going to get wrecked. You know? Bera, I love you, Bera.

00:43:05
I just love Bera. I don't know why. You know, one time, someone asked me, told me, MW, do you have a girlfriend or are you married or do you have a nice wife or whatever? I told them, listen, my private life is my private life. So, you know, you guys know me. I don't talk about my private life. But let me tell you this. If I would have a lot of girlfriends, Bera would be one of them. You know, Bera would be one of my girlfriends, you know. So it would be Bera with me, really. I love Bera. I just love Bera. Oh, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera. Only to those that can understand, Mark.

00:43:48
Only those that understand. A lot of people, they just don't understand it. But let me go. Let me go. Because this guy's going to be long stream today. So, Dexy. Dexy, we had this dumbed down and, well, whatever. You guys know how I feel about Dexy. We nailed it. I want to talk about moves. So, basically, guys, this thing, since January when, you know, this Trump Foundation was telling you they're buying moves. Okay, whatever, they're buying moves. I don't give a crap about it. I'm going to show the crap out. So. For the ones that are following Trump and their foundation, uh, congrats to you guys, you're now 60 down, congrats, good for you. Why listen to me? Listen to do we're gonna listen to Trump, yes. Who the F are you?

00:44:47
MW, we follow Trump; you're trying to protect us; they're trying to f us, so why should we listen to the one who wants to protect us? We're gonna listen to the one that's what I have us. It's okay, congrats, you're 60 up, let me see. What do we got more do we okay, okay hit the bottom and it's showing some power with looking good. Oh, there we go, oh, okay, okay, nice! Let me go to party. Yes, remember party, guys? I think party is still running. I think the team is still shorting this one from the top. What do we got? What do I want to show you guys? IP. MW. MW. Thank you, MW. You're welcome, guys. Thank you, MW. You're welcome, guys. We got Leia. Oh, Leia, by the way.

00:45:48
Leia. I wanted to talk about Leia. Yes. Let me remove all of this. So this layer coin, Koreans are really on this layer thing. They just want to push it. So I'm thinking this layer because I'm seeing really this is just could be two things. I think that the Koreans, what they are doing is they're just not allowing for the shorts to get paid. That's what I think. So my advice to you guys is this now. You guys really need to take profits on every down, and use the indicator under 15 minutes and trade it; and when it closes above it, get out of it again-so in, out, in, out, in, out until we catch the big dumb down.

00:46:34
Because let me tell you this is my opinion: I think that there are too many shorts opened on layer, so as long as those shorts stay and remain open, I think that this coin they will hold the line; Koreans will hold the line, market makers will hold on because they will-they just don't allow people to get shorted to get paid, especially when the market cap isn't that high. So they will just not allow this thing to come down until those shorts get closed, and then they will dump it down. So how are you gonna do this? What you have to do is just like I already saw a lot of people on Twitter doing it: what you have to do is they push it up, and then you know they put it down; and then so it's got to be like a yo-yo.

00:47:20
But what you have to do is after every time we see reduce your reduce your position, keep reducing your positions over and over and over again-and when it goes up, scale in again; scale in again. Because that's what we're seeing when we see this, this is exactly what they do so you've got over here this move up so over here they push they push and then over they get exhausted. And then they push again, then over here they get exhausted. They push again, then over here they get exhausted. So this is what they are doing. And over here, they are not allowing the shorts to get the big payment, you know. So what they do is they start shaking. They shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, and then boom, and then down.

00:48:03
That's what's going to happen in my opinion. So there's also, by the way, if the shorts will get too greedy, they might make a high again and then dump it down. The story is the same. The story is the same. The big dump is coming. It's just they are just waiting for the shorts to get shaken. They shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. And then at some point, you're going to see this one. It's going to happen, guys. It's going to happen. So it could happen from over here. It could happen from over here. And it could happen from over here. But when you're trading the MW style, you don't care. And, you know, there is, you know, there is, you know, I know that the team trades on pretty, pretty high volume.

00:48:48
But I've seen also there are some retail fair members who also trade on pretty high, really, really high volumes. You know, there are some sick retail fair members out there. They trade really with millions, guys. You know, I know, you know, there are some really, really high, high-volume traders in the retail fair. And, you know. When when too much money gets into those shorts, they know they just can't dump it, they just can't dump it, they just can't. Because you have to understand that if someone is with like 10 million in a short from over here, over here for example, the exchanges need to pay those shorts. But if there's no money, if there's no money, how are they gonna pay those shorts?

00:49:41
If it dumps down, they can't pay them out, so but the only solution that they have is they need to hold the line over here, hold the line, hold the line, holder, they need to hold the line because if this thing comes down, they can't pay; they can't pay the shorts. So this is something that's super dangerous. Also with these coins, because when you're trading like Solana, Ethereum, Bitcoin, et cetera, you don't have this problem. But when you've got coins like Laya, et cetera, they have this problem. So, it could be a little bit annoying to a lot of traders, but you just have to be patient, that you know, other shorts will get out, they get shaken out, and that's when they're going to dump out when they own enough money to pay out your shorts.

00:50:26
So, it's, you know. It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just the system how it works in average training you know, you guys have no clue how I've been fighting Koreans in my, you know, in my past and you know to be honest Koreans are not my enemies, uh, Koreans are my friends, you know. These guys respect me, I respect them, they're degents, I'm a degen, we just, you know, you have to see it like this it's just, you know, In the heat of the, you know, when we were fighting each other on exchanges and on the trades, you know, then there is a little bit of hate. But, you know, when the game is done, then we're just friends, you know. We're just, like we say in Dutch, we say sportif.

00:51:05
We're just sportif, you know, shaking each other's hands. Okay, nice game. And they salute you if you own the game, you know. It's just. It's it's it's just it's just how it is. But you know, that's what I wanted to share about layer So you just have to be really yeah, but by the way guys you have to a layer for what I'm seeing You really have to be taking profits on the indicator So take profits take profits take profit take profits take profits because it's the only solution To trade this thing because over here if you're like you're seeing oh, by the way guys You have to be waiting for my video about about about the Koreans And about how we're going to make a lot of money with them.

00:51:45
Listen, guys, the Koreans, the past weeks, they're ruling the charts. They're ruling the altcoins. So we really, really got to make a lot of money on Koreans. So just wait for that vid. I'm going to release that vid. I don't know if it's going to be a trading course vid. It might be a trading course vid. Or maybe I'm just going to do it over here. But, you know, it's really, we got to make a lot of money with these Koreans. That's what it is. And, you know, listen, you don't see a lot, you don't read a lot about it on Twitter. You know why? Because the marketing machine isn't allowing to release this news. Normally, you would see big accounts like Banter, like Altcoin Daily, et cetera, et cetera, talk about it.

00:52:26
They're not talking about it. Because you have to understand that, you know, okay, I'm not going to say too much about this. Just wait for it. I'm going to explain to you guys exactly how that works. So, by the way, guys, I want to thank you all. I've seen the past days, a lot of retailers, they, you know, asked for something past live stream. Listen, guys, let me do my job. Let me focus on my job. All I'm asking you about is, you know, make a comment like just one or two a day in one of those big accounts and make some noise for the MW, for your retail fan. gtc games with the

00:53:06
crypto just just just you know make some noise and i've seen a lot of people the only thing that i want to say is is this um there are a lot of bots out there and what those bots do is they always say uh follow this guy because he is the best trader or he is the best analyst etc etc or whatever and those bots they're ruined it because now you cannot be objective in you know a lot of people when they are reading comments and you know they're reading like uh follow and will killer because he's did he predicted this people want to believe it but they don't believe it because they are

00:53:44
they are destroyed by the same messages from bots so if you want to if you want to make if you want if you want to make if you want to make uh make make a comment that has effect that is efficient if you want to make it efficient you have to you have to first of all don't hate uh that's number one don't hate uh don't make uh don't you know be just polite although you're in some schiller's comments whatever i know it's hard to be polite but just be polite the only Thing that you can do is is you have to you have to give them like a comment like uh did you see for example mw yesterday sharing this chart or you or you can copy link my my post with that chart on it or uh

00:54:27
uh maybe you could don't follow animal killer but just go check his feed or maybe just check one of his vids just go on youtube check one of his vids and you'll see a big difference what you're watching now where now just just you know yes you have to you have to have to have to be efficient and to have effect to what you're doing because you're you're wasting not racing or investing some time in that you have to you have to you have to. People don't, don't, don't, don't push on them, Your thoughts or your opinion because that will not work. They think that you're a bot. But if you would just just show them the direction and let them choose themselves, If they want to go check it out or not, that will have much more effect.

00:55:09
Yes, you know. Let's go watch here. Here's this chart here is here's you know We've got all these short bits from Helena from some some from Karen just here. Just you know, check this out. This was yesterday for example, but this was positive. This was his shorted here. This was it. Let's check it out, don't follow him just check it out and you decide for yourself, you want to follow him, yes or no, so thank you very much, uh guys, for that, thank you so much, so let me go to the next one. Auction, oh auction, oh auction, oh auction,

00:55:50
oh! If people just knew what we have been doing past weeks, oh the pino is running in around 4k now, I told you, I told you. So let me go to the next or fight the coin retail firms are farting about the coin a retail firm's coin. We need to show you retail fans, coin Fart, coin, fart, coin, fart, coin, fart, coin. There was one guy, he told me, listen, last time when you told us that you started buying SPX, you started buying Fart Coin, etc. You know, I bought a little bit of fart coin and I made so much money. Next time, I will buy a bigger bag. Me that is a really crazy. I mean a lot of money. Yes next time I'll buy more I'm gonna buy much more Well father the coin guys fart coin.

00:56:53
Ah Father father guys, we're still pretty high and fucking so fucking this was the previous low this was also when I started buying but Yeah you know fart coin yeah it's you know fart coin is just one of those coins you know you just want to buy it you know yeah you just want to buy fart coin you know fart coin is one of those coins you know i just want to buy the crappy thing i don't know why but fart coin guys i'm you know i'm patient you know guys i don't give a crap i'm just patient to get into the box and you know start this year buying in the blue box

00:57:40
and i really hope the parts won't go to the 15 cents that's when i'll be buying a bigger bag so let me go to the next one that i wanted to show you guys you got this teams by the way teams you remember teams guys we opened up a short over here it's still running netted one it's making us money oh um is just not guys i told you this is the strongest altcoin in crypto period this is the strongest coin in crypto it's that simple the strongest coin in crypto is om i already said this now a lot of times but this Is the number one altcoin in crypto I'm just saying so if this thing by any means comes down to this zone I'm probably gonna buy some so uh that's about that let me see Plume, we totally destroyed Plume.

00:58:35
Let me see, Cakey, oh Cakey! Told you, uh tau, yes. So we had a lot of noise about Tao guys look at that and this chart isn't accurate. This is, uh, another look at this. Tao is going to one thousand dollars, Tao is going to two thousand dollars, Tao is the future of the world, Tao is going to be censored, be bitten, sir, bitten, sir. MW, we hate you, we hate you. You guys have no clue what is going on behind the scenes with MW, but you know, you guys cannot imagine how much hate I'm getting from the Tao army. The Tao army is killing me. The Tal army, you know, over here, we're going to $1,000. We're going to $2,000. We're going to this, whatever.

00:59:32
And, you know, every time when I do a post about Tal, they start threading me in this and that. Well, we're at $200. I told you. I told you. So, you know, all that hate that they gave me, you know, I hope that they have it in them to at least, at least now be man enough and come back and tell me, MW, I'm sorry. You are right. You are just 100% right. We're so sorry, MW. We effed up, and, you know, we're in a big loss, and, you know, whatever. Would you please buy a little bit and support us at 160? Well, I might think about it. I might think about it. So that's about that one. When do I get more for you guys?

01:00:19
Oh, and then we got this pi what did I tell you about pi guys? What did I say? I told you this thing is going; this is you know, you know. If someone can find that live stream, i you know when we were over here, you know over here, I told you this thing will it; it; it will and you just don't freaking doubt me. It's that simple. You don't doubt me. You know, but this is very fast, by the way. So congrats to those. And then with, you know, I got some friends that are really in this with thing. And, you know, keep asking me, MW. Please, please, would you just shill a little bit of with for us? Just please shill us a little with.

01:01:11
We're going to give you a lot of money. We're going to give you a lot of money. Please, please, just show a little bit of wave. We're going to pay you very good money for it; promote it, please, I'll promote it. These are really people that are holding millions of waves, guys. So they want me to show you with okay, you know they should know by now that I don't give a **** about money and you know there is no money in the world that will make me show you whatever, so with uh if you're interested in it, and whatever for whatever reason you're bullish on it, or whatever this at you know they're going to hate me, my friends; they're going to kill me.

01:01:59
Okay, I have no friends left after what I'm going to say now, I will have no friends left after what I'm going to say, so if you're really interested in it, you gotta buy below the $15, this is only if and let me tell you this, I'm not buying it; Let me tell you this, I am not buying it. This is only if you are interested in it. I'm not interested in it. I don't give a crap. So, I don't think if I've got any friends left. They told me, please, please, please, tell people with it. Okay, you wanted me to talk about with I'm gonna talk about with guys. I'm not buying with And if you're interested in with buy it at least 50% lower from current levels Link seems to be dumping big time this time Okay, we're going into the we're going into the long ETF rip up.

01:03:02
So a link should be over there. So let me go Well, I'm not seeing any big time. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad, Riff Pop. It's so bad. Let's go. Where is that big dump? Where? Big dump is at five bucks or whatever. So this is not big dump. This is normal. It's dumping big time. Riff Pop, don't tell me you're holding a lot of link. Berra is not my friend, Apricot Daniel. Berra is my girlfriend. She's my girlfriend. I love her. I love the girl. I just love her. Vera. Vera. She's the love of my life. For now, I'll change the [bitch] in a moment if I see her often.

01:03:48
Oh, I'm a mess. I'm a mess. No, listen. Listen, listen. Seriously, seriously.

01:04:05
Okay, bad joke. Sorry, ladies. Bad joke. Very bad joke. Very naughty, naughty, naughty MW. Naughty MW. Naughty MW. You have to see it like this, guys. It's, you know, it's just, it's just, I went, you know, it's maybe I'm doing it in a funny way or maybe you think it's not so funny. But either way, I thought it was funny. But the message I'm trying to get to you is this. In making games or making money, there are no friends, no girlfriends, no boyfriends, no whatever. The only friend you have is making that game, that money, that printer that you're making. That is your best friend. Let me tell you this. I'm going to tell you something very, very, very private.

01:04:57
When I was young, very young, when I'm talking about young, I was like, you know, maybe I was like seven, eight years, nine years, 10 years old. I was always, you know, playing. And then, you know, I was at home and I told my father, I told him, listen, listen, dad, I'm going to go out. He told me, 'What are you going to do on the streets at this time of day?' You know, my friends are there, my friends. And then he told me, 'friends, friends, friends.' He told me, 'son, there are no friends.' And what do you mean? He told me, 'the only friend that you will have in your life is your wallet.'

01:05:26
What he meant by your wallet is your money and you know after a lot of years you know I build a lot of friends and I have to say that I've got a lot of friends that are you know, I've got some friends that are not like that but most of the friends, most of the friends that I thought they were my friends, you know when money is involved, they're nowhere to be found. So every freaking time when I saw that happening in my life, I remember my dad always telling me, listen, listen, MW, your wallet, your money, your pocket, that's your best friend. He goes, why? Because when you own the money, people will like you. Hey, listen, MW, this, let's go to that. Let's do this.

01:06:09
But when you're broke, when you're broke, you don't have any money. They don't call you. They don't pick up when you call them. You know, it's just life. It's life. And for sure, they're always like two, three friends, you know, real friends that they don't care if you have money or not money. But this is how life works. This is really, that was the story I wanted to tell you. Yeah, whatever. So, Linky. Linky, so we had this low $1. 18, so yeah. You know my buy zones. You know my buy zones. Below the 11 bucks. So let me go to VeChain. VeChain. My alarm went off on VeChain. Ah, VeChain. Good, VeChain. Good, good, good, VeChain. So VeChain also heading into the blue box. I'll scoop myself some VeChain.

01:06:59
Near. Not yet. $1. 70. Didn't hit yet. Sui. Sui not hit yet. Below the $2 bucks. Virtual. Oh. Oh, virtual is getting into this box. This is what I want, virtual. This one. So 37 cents below the 40 cents. Swarms. Swarms is hitting the buy zones. Not buying it yet. Not buying it yet. I'm going to wait for this low. So I'm going to wait for this. I don't care. I don't care. I just don't care. It's that simple. I don't care. You hit it. Okay, I'm going to buy you. Not I'm not going to buy you. I think uh 14 cents 13 cents uh around there oh it's also hitting the

01:07:46
zone uh come on guys um oh this is a hard one all these AI agents are really you know they're really killing it um I think I got a hit already on this one and no I didn't get a hit it didn't hit yet no uh this is for me AI, XPT I will DCA buy this thing from This line, 73 to 35. I'll just DCA buy-in slowly on this one. Fartcoin. Fartcoin, I already talked about this one on 30 cents and below. Trumpy is below the line. Trumpy. I will buy Trump, by the way, guys. I will buy Trump. I have to adjust my buy orders. It will be $7 or lower, between $7 and $5. Giga. Giga, my baby. This thing made us so much money, guys, on this bump.

01:08:37
Oh, MW, why are you taking profits? Don't take profits, Mr. MW. We are the syndicate and, you know, you made so much money in Giga. Why are you telling your people to take profits? Because I love my little family and I love you guys. Oh, but let's go to the moon. Yes, yes. Your moon, not my moon. My moon is I take profits. I take the damn money. By the way, this thing was massive. So this thing, if it's back around the nine cents, I'm going to buy it again. I'm going to buy it again. I don't give a crap. I'm going to buy it again. I'm going to buy it. I'll update on Twitter and Patreon, by the way, guys. Don't, on Telegram. Don't be worried.

01:09:16
So Cody, back in the box, five below 50. I will buy it again. GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Look at GLMI, guys. People that, you know, every time when I tell you, okay, I'm going to buy it, probably below the five cents. Oh, it's a bow. Yes, I'm going to buy it. We'll get there. It's already there. It's already there. So I'm going to DCA buy this thing below the $0.05. Van Rie, Van Rie also getting into the box, so also going to buy. I'm going to buy below the $0. 17, guys. Why not? DCA buy in below the $0. 17. Okay? Okay, below the $0. 17 this year. Buy in. Fala. Fala. I will also start this year buying this thing around below the $0.

01:10:11
08 to the $0. 06. Rune. Rune. Still at the $1. Rune. I really have no clue what's going on with Rune. But, you know, just for fun, if it goes around the $0. 85 to the $0. 80, I'm going to buy maybe a small bag. Fluxy. Oh, Flux. Flux is getting totally destroyed, guys. Flux is gonna totally destroy uh, Flux? Flux, I'm just gonna DCA buy, I don't give a crap and we we made a lot of money on the bounce, I'm gonna use that money to buy myself some flux, uh, so flux actually, flux, let me remove this guy's flexi, where are we now, we're now at, uh, what was this during our ads?

01:10:39
We made a new low, oh, flux made a new low, oh, um, maybe something like this guy's why not, why not, why not, so I'm gonna buy myself some flux here, I think I've got a hit on flux already by the way, guys, I think I'm already in, I don't care, guys, flux is for me just a little back, I don't, I don't give a crap, so flux, everything below the 20 cents, I'm a buyer, I'm going to DCA buy this thing down to the $0. 10, I don't give a crap over here. So if this thing dumps down, I'm just going to DCA buy Flux. It's for me just a hold bag, and I'm going to make money on it. LRC, yes, also LRC. If it's going to hit the $0.

01:11:47
07 and below, I'm going to start buying. TIA, TIA, everything. I told you already, below the $2, I'm going to buy it. What do we have, Moi? Atom, atom, everything below the three bucks, I'm a buyer, uh Axel, we didn't reach the box yet, I'm gonna buy this also, so this has to be uh 25 cents or lower. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor, yes, everything below the 14 15 cents, I'm gonna buy it. Uh, bye bye bye, I can buy so much. Oh, I love this. Oh, Sonic, by the way, also Sonic, I told you guys already about Sonic, so Sonic's also gonna buy this thing below the 40 cents, below the 40 cents, guys. So, below uh polka dot, not interested, um, iota, yes, iota interested, iota, guys.

01:12:41
Everything if this thing dumps down to 12 cents or lower, I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag. I'm just saying, listen, I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag, I told you and I'm telling you again, I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of IOTA if it comes into these regions over here, guys. We're not far away from it. I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of that one. Where do I have got more? Where do I have got more? Oh, Papa Cat, I don't know about Papa Cat. So where do I have got more? What is this? What is all these crappy coins over here? So I think those are those. Let me go to the syndicate coins. SPX. We didn't talk about SPX. How is that possible?

01:13:23
Why didn't I see SPX on my list over here? Where is it? Where is SPX? It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Where is SPX? I'm not seeing SPX. Okay. Syndicate coins. I need to have SPX over here. So SPX over here. So not this SPX. There is another SPX. I need another SPX. This one. SPX. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. My bro. And we remove all of this guy's okay so spx so uh spx spx I'm gonna buy myself uh a nice bag of spx over here guys this is where I'm gonna buy this is what I'm gonna buy it's that simple, 25 cents all over I don't give a crap I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx yes so you heard me right I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx if my alarm goes off over here, 25 cents I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx um

01:14:18
um was there something else oh look at this oh oh oh oh what a muscle what is oh zero bro look at zero bro oh zero oh let me see let me see this Arkham now okay so that's about that let me go into the chat do I have in the chat do I've got in the chat some altcoins because otherwise we're gonna close it down I think I I've shown you guys So much today. Act, I'm not interested in act, guys. Act, just move on. You have to move on in life. For me, act is really not interesting. Ever interested in Aave? Yes, for sure Aave. Aave is, I already talked a lot about Aave. So let me go into Aave. Aave, USDT.

01:15:05
of a where is it now is that 90 bucks no it's not enough i need it on 90 bucks guys if you want me to buy rv yes i'm interested in rv at 90 bucks so if this thing dumps down to the 90 bucks regions that's when i'm interested i know it from my head i don't even have to So let's okay. Let's say 100 bucks. Let's say 100 bucks. So everything if it dumps down to here I'll be interested in buying some of it. So oh, you know, we talked about Let me guess, it's AI, you know, you know my answer already at travel, it's you know, I'm not saying maybe this thing will pump up like crazy, but I just want to buy blood, this is no blood, I want to buy coins, I want to buy over here.

01:16:07
So I've got like you know, I've got 90 of altcoins that I can buy over here, why would I buy a coin over here and I'm not saying that this thing couldn't pump up, that's not what I'm saying, but I'm just not you know This is just my style. This is how I think. If ALK will show a lot of volume, will show a lot of power, I might trade it up. We're going to trade it up, make a lot of money, and get out. But investment-wise, or when you want to open up those long positions to hold for like two, three, one month, and you want to make really the big gains on them, this is my style. I like to buy them at the bottom.

01:16:45
And there are so many, so many, so many. I'm just now all you mean for shorting it, I don't know, I don't know, I have to check it, you know, to make my decision if I'm gonna short it, I have to check some other data, you know, you know how it works, so um, John John is looking for fun, what's going on with fun, John, what is going on with fun token, okay, fun, oh, nice, nice, nice. It's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, but someone is making fun. Why are you making fun? Why are you making fun? Why? What is the reason that you're making so much fun? Why? Why are you making fun? What is this fun? I don't even know what it is.

01:17:36
Let me check what fun is, for example. To begin with, let me see what fun, what is fun. Fun, fun, fun. Someone wants to make fun. Someone wants to make fun. Why do you want to make fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun? Fun is very dangerous, the short part. I would stay away from fun. That's what I would do. Fun is very dangerous, the short. That's my honest opinion. Yes, I'm going to share Ryan, over here Ryan, Ryan, over here Ryan. Are you going to share the coin? Yes, I'm going to show it at the right time. So, you know, when I share it at the right timing, it's, you know, it's when it gets some. So I'm going to share it. You just have to.

01:18:26
You just have to. You just have to. Brett, I'm not interested in Brett. Brett is Jules. Brett, just for your information, Brett is a meme coin that has been shield organized by a group of influencers, sheilas, whatever you want to call them. Monsters, draculas, vampires, wolves, blood-sucking cockroaches. You know, so it has got a lot. What happened to USA? I don't know. I haven't been tracking USA coin. What happened to USA coin? Is it over here? Or is it? Why is it not on my list? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Syndicate coins. use acorn over here um oh they lost the line first no no still holding like sort of it but i i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know so the the pump it's still it's still in the range to be honest it's still in the range i don't know i left a little bit of track about about about use acorn When do we got more?

01:19:38
When do we got more? When do we got more? Guys, when do we got more? When do we got more? When do we got more? I'm not interested in buying party, bro. Party was a party for shortening the quip out of it. I'm really not interested in buying party. Or you have to give me a reason to buy party. Should there be any reason to buy party? Okay, guys, we got to close it up. Can you check loose? Oh, Mr. Taiwan. He wants us to check loose. What is loose? Has someone ever heard about loose? Loose. Okay. Loose. What is loose? Let's see what Mr. Taiwan has got. Oh. This Mr. Taiwan, you know, he, you know, I don't know. You're new in here, but you're feeling me, bro. You know, you feel me, you know. You know what I like. you're feeling me bro these are the charts i like these are hey it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad let's see what is loose loose oh loses why don't i want to lose loose loose loose what is loose loose what is loose loose what the creep is loose this is a meme coin Is Luz a meme coin

01:21:13
Hey Mr Taiwan is Luz a meme coin Luz Luz there's not a lot of data I can find about Luz but what is Luz I think it's a meme coin I don't know what it is otherwise Luz Luz what is loose loose loose loose It's holy storm and at some point in my death I Don't know you don't even know what loses oh You're asking about a coin you're asking about a coin and then you don't lose yeah it's a meme but i thought so it's a violent meme going on. It's a lot of like it's fine, but I lose the Moscow. Oh, oh, yeah! By Talkie-Talkie co-founder,

01:22:08
Guys, have a nice one. I love you all. Thanks all for joining in. Be prepared for what is coming for us. So let's go back to the markets. Oh, VIX, 28%! It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad, VIX. VIX. VIX. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. So let's see. Let's see how this thing, this thing. I think they will fight and then, you know, they'll fight. Maybe even we're going to get a pass. But, you know, I think that, you know, the beginning of my stream is, you know, very important, by the way. You should really, really, really, if you didn't understand it, you should really watch the beginning like two, three times until you really get it. And maybe, maybe even you can connect some dots. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. Okay guys thanks all for watching have a nice one uh enjoy your days and uh enjoy your gains also by the way and you know have those damn buy orders ready because it might happen anytime soon so thanks also for producing uh this live stream today, so shout out to Salswa and the whole retail fam, have a nice one, bye.
*** Live Stream 04-05-2025 Is the dump Over *** 

00:00:00
Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome. MWM will kill a game trading crypto. Welcome, RetoFam. Welcome. We're live. Oh, I see that my screen is not on. Okay, well, we're live. We're live without a screen. And that's great. Live without a screen. There goes my screen. Boom, boom. Are you seeing my screen? Yes, my screen is on. Okay, welcome, welcome, RetoFam. Salsara! Shout out to Salsara. She's with us today. I've got some good news. I've got my new setup. I've got internet. I'm at my new office. Uh, so yeah, so things are gonna heat up, so we're gonna talk about Bitcoin, talk about all too talk about a little bit of technicals about packet GPTC. We're going to talk about for the new subscriber because you know it's very hard for me that you know a lot of times we've got a lot of new retail families getting in, New retail farmers, they don't have a clue what I'm talking about, a lot of times.

00:00:50
They don't understand the Bitcoin shorts. They don't understand the longs. You know, sometimes I'm trying to do my best to like once in two, three weeks to repeat a lot of basics so people can come along. But also keep in mind that I'm going to start up this new beginners. Trading course is really for new beginners so I'm gonna start that one so everyone that's in Patreon or on Telegram watching the live streams will also understand me better when I'm talking about a lot of stuff you know so uh that's gonna happen soon the form will come out soon I'll let you know when that comes out so uh well let the music run, boom!

00:03:22
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? What do I got? We've got GF Blast, Matija, Travel11 in the house, Pedro, Zupac, Alpiman, The Drunk, Rex, GF Blast, Cibueno, Muddog, John, Matija. What do we got? Deathbrick, we've got The Doc is in the house, Evelina. We got Nicky. We got Phil C. We got Rose C. Pedro. Bluda. Erwin. Erwin. Erwin. Erwin. Lamia. Lamia. I don't know. It's Lamia. I don't know. It's Lamia. Let me show. This is Lamia, guys. Lamia. I don't know. There is something, something, something with this Lamia. I don't know what it is. I don't know what.

00:04:09
There is something with this Lamia. I think this is a potential big, big, big trader in the making. I don't know. I don't know why. I think. I think it is. Righteous Luca. We got Roy Gruer. We got Righteous. Righteous. Righteous. Ephron. Salsra. Salsra. Look at Salsra. There she is. Salsra. Yes, yes, yes, yes. We got Mitch. Mitch from Qatar. We got Andrea. We got Cheesecake. I'm looking forward to the beginning of time. No problem, Cheesecake. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. You know, let me just say this. I never gave attention to beginners, to really new beginners. I never gave you guys really the attention that you need. And maybe this is something you can blame on me. Because, you know, a lot of the retail firm members, they are with me for months, years.

00:05:01
They understand me. They, you know, I only have to share a chart and they understand what I mean by that. They know when I say 'helmet', they know what's going to happen. When they see me sharing, okay, you want to do that? They know what direction I'm going into. And but when I, you know, I'm so focused on my retail firm that know me that I forget about new members that come in, new retail firm members that, you know, they want to get into the level that the retail firm members already on. And, you know, but they just don't get it. You know, they just don't get it. What the freak is MW talking about? So that's why, you know, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.

00:05:38
So I'm going to take you guys step by step. I'm going to take you by step by step. And I'm going to take you guys step by step the professional way. Not the amateur so you know basically you know it's let me let me let me say this: suppose that someone is already trading and he's already you know doing whatever it is or he took some trading course bits or courses or he did whatever he did in his life. It's harder for that person to learn from me because why, because he already does things his own way. You know, maybe he learned it from whoever, or maybe he just developed it himself. So it's very hard to, you know, but someone as a beginner, just, you know, a fresh fish, you know, I just don't know.

00:06:20
If that fresh fish will start doing the, you know, the beginner's training course, you're going to do the right way directly. So you got to be a monster. You got to be the best AI bot. You got to be the, you know, you got to be the MW. So after the training course, you'll get the hoodie, GTC. You know, you passed your test. You passed the exam. You're ready for the cruel world, the cruel trading world. So you are really a GTC member. So, you know, I'm really excited about this. So what do we got? We got Andrea De Caro. She's got Alpiman the drunk in the house.

00:07:07
This Alpiman skill. I love you, Alpiman. You know that. You know that I love you. I don't love your wife, by the way, because she hates me. But I do love you, Alpiman. I do love you. So we got Cheeks. What do we got? We got Tansy. We got Loyal. What do we got? John Doe. We got Scott Sotter. Scott Sotter is in the house. Markelet. Markelet, I'm going to respond to you, bro. I didn't forget about you; I was just a little bit busy past days with setting up my new office. So I'm going to get back to you. We got Muhammad Ali, oh my God, Muhammad Ali, bro. Alan, we got Clinton. We got Nutt. Nutt. Okay. Hello, sir. Hello, sir. Amir Osman, bro. VG. VG from Vilnius.

00:07:54
I really have no clue where Vilnius is, but Nicholas Luperic, let's go. We got Frodo, Frodo, Frodo, Frodo. We got Keir Norman, we got Rodang, Randy Rich. Just easy, guys. You're going to get all the alpha you want. Guys, I never disappoint, you know. It looks like I disappoint, but I don't disappoint, you know. I was having a chat with Salsra. I told her I suck in everything else. She told me, yes, you're right. The only thing you know is trading. That's the only thing you're good at. I never made a secret of it. So, you know, that's what I do. I'm a trader. I'm an analyst. That's what I do. I suck at everything else. So we got Rodan. We got Randy. We got, what do we got?

00:08:41
What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Thack Ox. What do we got? Bracken. We got music that made me, off the beginning, folks, music that made me, well, what did music made you? Are you a lady? I think you're a lady. So what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? X, claro we can stream. Bonus, bro, I'm always here with you when I can stream; I will stream, uh, you know it's not like oh wait a minute, oh he has got a page-a page you have to pay money to watch his live stream

00:09:09
and he said that he's gonna give us three and, oh you know, and then I'm just lazy, laying down doing whatever it is I'm doing in my life and then you know, yes I'm gonna do three, no bro if I, you know, if I feel like doing seven, I'll give you seven; I do it every day, it's just that's me, I give uh righteous Jesh uh what do we got abracadabra abracadabra abracadabra, okay so uh let's go, let's go today it's all about skull sata, skull sata, some you know I get this mortal kombat feelings when I hear skull sata finish him maybe you're a figure from multi-combat I don't know, so okay guys

00:09:54
a little bit of education today, focus notebooks it's gonna be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of uh oh by the way, salsa I can't jump in and tell everyone that I suck in everything else just tell them I know you want to say it just say it well he asked me today if he was stupid and I, and my answer Was he a great trader so yeah we established that. So, you know, it's like I suck. Guys, I'm stupid. I'm dumb. The only thing I know is trading. But, you know, every single one of you guys are here for the trading and for the analysis. So you're not here for me knowing how to do whatever it is on a freaking Mac. Good afternoon, AFI.

00:10:44
Tolga Han Kilic. Tolga Han Kilic. Okay, okay. So first of all, beautiful. I was watching this yesterday, by the way. By the way, first of all, let's start where it all started. Let's start where it all started. So the last two more talk. Oh, man. Oh. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Oh, you guys have to believe me. This is the first time I'm seeing this. I was also talking with Salsor about this. I told her I never, ever, ever, ever prepared a live stream. I don't need to prepare it because most of you guys, you want the real me. So I'm going to open up that chart and, you know, what I see, I see it at the same moment like you guys are seeing it.

00:11:34
And then I will say just what comes into my mind, you know, what I think. So that's what you guys are hearing. There's no script. There's no. Preparation or I need to tell them this? Oh, this will maybe excite them, that's not what you got; you got the real me, so I you know, I know that I for sure I know that. The US 500 went down at Friday, so I did see that, but you know, this first time I'm seeing it on a big screen because I was seeing it on my phone, I'm seeing it oh so; whether we talk about Friday, we talk about, you know This is why you guys are in this Patreon or Telegram group. This is why. This is the most important part.

00:12:17
Because you want the insights of a professional trader, maybe the best trader on the webs. And, you know, while I was telling you, Friday, guys, I don't think that this will hold; I just don't think. Because that's why you guys are here. That's why you guys are here. You guys want every freaking time to know what I think. And let me tell you, when I tell you what I think, you know, I get it right like 70, 80, 90% of the times. And that's what is going to save your ass. That's what is going to make you money. Because you guys want just my brains, what I'm thinking. Maybe I need to make some AI bot out of my brains. I don't know. But look at this.

00:12:55
I told you guys, I just don't expect this to hold. And I explained into details, by the way, why I didn't think that this was going to hold. Well, ta-da! By the way, I miss Helena. I don't know where Helena is. Helena should have been making a nice vid about this. I don't know where Helena is. Helena. If someone knows where Helena is, otherwise we're going to put out an Amber Alert or something. So, oh, Amber Alert is only for children, by the way, no? Whatever. So, listen, guys. This is massive. This is trouble. This is problema. This is what I've been explaining you. this is what I've been preparing you for, this is what you know, whatever so for the for the for the for the traders for the stock traders that are making money on Nvidia, on the US 500, on the Nasdaq, on the Dow Jones, whatever.

00:13:54
Congrats, congrats, congrats, congrats, congrats! I hope that you guys are making millions. Congrats because why? Because you guys are not following someone in a suit telling you, 'Well, Nvidia made a new chip and we're going up probably.' You know that bank manager, Eric, the bank manager in his costume, you know, in his hair like we say we say in Dutch, we say it's like a weasel, you know, like a weasel, you know. Nice perfume, you know. Welcome, Seltzer, to the best bank! I'm the bank manager, I'm the commercial. We will invest your money the proper way. You know, the proper way. We're going to do the proper way. Yes, the proper way. F**k your proper ways, you freak. This is the proper way. This is the indicator of MW created by me on this freaking chart. So everyone that's in like MW, how did you create the indicator? I created it on the US 500. This is where the MW indicator was made. And look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Bang.

00:15:12
And now you get all these influencers on Twitter. They always tell you the news after it happens. This is the danger. That's, you know, I've got my buddy Mamar from France. He's also here, I think. Mamar. he watches a lot of these on influence and you know crypto shows he always listen you have to watch those that is telling you what's going to happen the next weeks don't watch those that are telling you what happened yesterday because if you would go to all the all the accounts doesn't matter on x on twitter they will always tell you what happened yesterday that's based on what happened yesterday they will tell you that that day they're bullish or bearish Based on what happened yesterday. So what does that mean?

00:16:04
That means that you're always one, two, three steps behind. He's just filling up his shows. He's making his money with whatever marketing crap he's selling you. And he's telling you what happened yesterday. So you're always two, three steps behind. You have to find those that are three steps ahead of you. The ones that are telling you, okay, guys, well, you know, you know, well, you know, well, you know, you know, you know, you know, you've got this box, you know. Remember this box? We're probably gonna dump from this box. Why are we gonna dump from this box? Well, the reason why we're gonna dump from this box, because some crazy fuck called M. Willkiller told that it happened also here. And it happened also here. So probably gonna happen over here.

00:16:46
Oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh, yeah, but M . W., but who says maybe? No, no. You have to prepare yourself for it. Okay. There you go. So, kaboosh! And by the way, I also predicted this one into perfection, by the way. A lot of people don't talk about this. I also, you know, I predicted this one into perfection, by the way, you know, for the Mannschaft, that Mannschaft, excuse me. But, you know, I predicted this one also into perfection. But, you know, I predicted so many perfections that, you know, I, you know, you know, I don't, you know. People think that it's normal. So, you know, also me, you know. Whatever, okay, oh

00:17:25
okay, the fact that you did predict it is mind-blowing if you think about it but you know, you know who gives a fuck, listen, look at this one guys, look at this, my baby, a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, there you go, 50 freaking percent and look how it closed because this is something very important I want to show you guys, look at the close, There was no buying up at the close. Look at this. Look at the close of it. Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby. Okay, so these lines are now done. Now we go to this. It's also done. Let's go to this line. Also done. So when was the last time? Hey, why is my mouse not reacting? My mouse is doing a little bit. Someone hacking me.

00:18:19
Salsara, are you hacking me? Because my mouse is not working as a chip. So the beautiful part is about people that try to hack me always. The only thing they can get when they hack me is a middle finger. There is zero money that you can take if you hack me. I'm old school. You cannot hack me. The only reason why I can, you know, openly attack. Market makers attack, influencers attack, a lot of powerful people in the world openly, is because they can hack me, but there's nothing. What will they do? They're going to close down my trading view. I open up another one. They're going to close on my Twitter page. I'm going to open up another one. Money, there's no money to be taken. So there is zero money out there. So, okay, you've got to hack me. And then, what then?

00:19:24
This looks so scary. So now we have to analyze this by the way guys because I haven't analyzed this yet This is something we need to analyze by the way So we're going to do it together Why not Why not So this was Corona This was Corona crash So this was Corona Okay And then we had this one We had this one What was this by the way I really don't know What was this In August 24th This was just I think this was I think this was this was just a leverage hunt Because you have to keep in mind listen what I'm looking for you guys have no clue what I'm looking at I know and most of you guys have no clue what I'm looking at.

00:20:17
What am I looking at now? I'm looking at one candle, because this candle has been closed this way, guys. So if you want to shit yourself, now is a good time to shit yourself. Make sure to have some diapers on. Sorry. No, no, no. Seriously, guys. Seriously. I know I make some jokes while I'm in serious analyzing, but. Forgive me. I'm just a sick freak. So I'm looking for a candle that closed like this. I cannot find any. We have this one. This one was pretty. Okay. These candles are not like that one because this one was like, okay, this one. And then we had a dump after. Not a big. This was a big. Oh, you see this one? This one was very big and then they pushed it up to here, and then it closed very best.

00:21:12
But it's about that move up, that's what I'm looking for-I'm looking for that move up over here. We have one continue oh here we have one, this was a big one over here, this was in 2010. Okay so well either way guys, this is looking massive massively put on daily how's the daily look, oh see this Alpiman break above it come back retest it into perfection, she went, you see this Alpiman, it's it's really hmm okay let me see, let me see, how was the DXY looking, how's the DXY looking, looking? Oh

00:22:10
do you understand why I expected that the red box wasn't holding guys, just to repeat myself, Friday it was because of this, yeah I know, I know, guys, here I'm trying to train you guys, I'm trying to make you guys understand, it was this candle that that made me believe that we were not gonna hold the red box so we still, you know, we need to test this. So to test this one, okay guys, I'm analyzing now live with you guys. So to test this one, suppose that this thing is going to get tested. It could also mean that we're going to test this one. So if we're going to test this one, well, this one is going to get tested. That's the moment when you flip.

00:23:07
Law okay so now we go to the I think the the the question that many of you guys are asking yourselves is what’s happening to Bitcoin and crypto because the markets are dumping but crypto isn’t dumping so why why well it could have several reasons. The first reason is Michael Saylor might be buying because if we would look at MicroStrategy, do we have MicroStrategy over here? As you guys can see, MicroStrategy has not been dumping with the markets. This is no dump. So it could be that MicroStrategy is, MicroStrategy is buying some Bitcoin. I was eyeing that. So that's reason number one that we could, you know, we could, whatever. Reason number two is leverage. Very simple. Because, you know, you got now a lot more people that are understanding that Bitcoin is correlated to financial markets.

00:24:08
So what they do is when the markets start dumping, they start showing Bitcoin. So I was checking, on Friday, I was checking the funding rates on Bitcoin. And I was seeing that, you know, there were a little bit too much shorts opened. I saw it on the funding rate. So what they do is, it's the tweet that I posted. You know, some tweets are so important. The logic comes after. The logic comes after. There was one guy on Twitter, by the way, he started asking me, Roger, can you explain? I explain those things on my live streams. So if you start wasting my time on Twitter, unfortunately, I have to block you. So the logic comes after. So they need, if it's Michael Saylor buying, then he's holding the line.

00:24:59
And if it's leverage. They will not allow for markets to come down as long as there are too many greedy shorts out there. So the damage will happen after. And if you trust me and if you believe in me and what I say, you should have the same P &L that I shared on Twitter before the stream. You see the Bitcoin? Wasn't you know, I think over here, over here, 30, 83, or whatever somewhere over here. It's short if you're educated by me. Every single one of you guys should have owned the same PNO every freaking one of you guys should have the same PNO because first of all, every freaking one of you guys has the indicator that's number one; you can see it on four hours I was getting rejected over and over again, every freaking one of you guys knows that.

00:25:59
When markets close red on Friday, probably a lot, a lot of dumps in the weekend, so you know that also. And you know the fact that just markets dumped and Bitcoin did adopt that's so every one of you guys should be already making enough money to pay 10 years of live stream subscription; every single one of you guys should have owned that money now made it today only on. shorting bitcoin because you're shorting bitcoin you're not shorting some scammy altcoin that market makes can pump up they can you know like like make you uh a big loss or whatever this is bitcoin to move bitcoin into uh another direction just if it's for one hour two hour you need a lot of big powers for that so they can they can't just do that it's not that simple salsa did you take the short on bitcoin I did, but I closed it a bit earlier.

00:27:03
Okay. But you closed it earlier, but you know that the Dutch Sunday afternoon, we didn't get it yet. Yeah, but you know, I live in a different time zone and my internet is really flaky, so I'm a bit scared for some trades here. Guys, guys, maybe, you know, a salsa isn't made for this. I need to get Alpiman. I need to get Alpima, because Alpima can go in very hard. You know, Salsa is a lady, you know, and I'm a gentleman, so I don't like to push hard on the ladies. If Alpima was a sidekick, I would just destroy him live now. But you should have taken that. And, you know, also keep in mind the Dutch afternoons have been working for us the past two months or three months.

00:27:54
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, so the Sunday afternoons have also been now it's too late now we're already done now I have to wait for the readers but listen, guys, just trade the indicator; just try to indicate it, it's that simple and you know you have to start operating; you have to start making money. We're going to talk about outcomes in a moment; just easy, easy on me, but you get the indicator. But listen, these like these opportunities, like you know over here when they're fighting the stocks and you know I was seeing also on Twitter; you got this! Oh well, markets are crushing and crypto is going up, and we are holding; there has been like five million dollars have been added to the markets; you know.

00:28:37
These cockroaches; these you know, also my buddy, my buddy Iran, also tweeted something. Similar to that, you know, this is exactly what gets you wrecked. This is just what gets you wrecked. These disposers, you know, they just wait. You know, it's like, you know, they just wait. Oh, it works. Bitcoin didn't move. Bitcoin is so bullish. You're going to the moon. Yes, now it's time to buy. You know, they don't understand the game. They don't understand how it works. and buy. You know that the moment when they start sharing that, that you know that crap, that's also the right the exact moment when uh, you should short so they make you long, and then you get wrecked again.

00:29:29
You know, there was one time, one guy I told him, listen bro, if you would go out in the morning, you open up the door and there is a big, big tree in front of your house, and then in the morning, you go on it, and then you boom, you hit your your head to it. Okay, tomorrow, you gotta do it again, maybe, maybe you forgot about the tree, but the third, fourth, fifth day, you will understand. Okay, it's just, it goes into your system when you go out even if you're sleepy or drunk, it doesn't matter in your system, you know there's a tree over there, so you go to the left or the right. But the thing that amazes me is people on Twitter or whatever, these people keep fucking them over and over and over again.

00:30:20
And they just keep coming back to them, believing the same crap. It's really mind-blowing. I really have no – you know, I just don't understand it. I just don't get it. I just don't get it, you know. I just don't get it. So basically, guys, we're not traveling here in the four hours, so this is super bearish. But this – this was maybe one of the easiest trades to take into the weekend. So that's why I'm also saying every single one of you guys should have made enough money at least to pay the next three, four, five years of subscription on a Patreon or on a Telegram because this is basically just free money. You know it's going to happen. You just have to be patient. Just be patient. Patient, DCA in, buy, add. You have to believe. You have to believe. If you don't believe, you're not going to make money. You have to believe. And if you don't want to believe, Alpiman, because Alpiman is someone that doesn't believe. Alpiman is someone that likes to trade indicators a lot, and he likes to analyze into the millimeters, you know.

00:31:34
Every single one of you guys should. Okay. You should have made money over here. It's, you know, it's a sin. If you are following me and you own the indicator, you didn't make money on Bitcoin this today. It's a sin, in my opinion. It's just. I just joined what's the safest thing he talked about, long or short. RapidX, you know, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt over here. So you're new. You're saying, okay, I'm just new. But are you looking for signals? This is just a solid. There's no hate. Are you looking for signals? Is that what you're looking for? Because if you're looking for signals, this is the wrong group for you. So enjoy the live streams or just don't enjoy them, whatever it is.

00:32:24
This is just wrong. Because if I explain something and you don't understand it because you're new. If you're looking for signals, this is the wrong group. If you're looking for education, if you're looking to understand my language, it's very simple. And, you know, rapid X, the fact that you are not understanding, if it's long or short, means that you are the one I'm looking for, for the beginner's training course. You are the one. You are the one. You are the one for the beginner's training course. Because you should have. Because if we closed so. You're new. I cannot blame you. You're new. You just don't know it. So I suggest, you know, if the beginner's training course comes up, you have to join that one. But let me just explain you.

00:33:13
RapidX, very, very, very, very, very fast. For you and everyone else that is new, you know, I have to keep in mind that new people just don't understand it. And it's me. I have to explain that to them. So this is basically, listen, the rule in GTC RapidX is if the markets close red, we focus on shorts in the weekends. That's basically the rule. So the rule is when financial markets close red on Friday night, Friday evening. Then we focus on, uh, on, on, the weekend we focus on shorting markets, uh, we also know that we have the Dutch Sunday afternoon. What is the Dutch Sunday afternoon? I call it the Dutch Sunday afternoon, but it's just me, that's the sick freak I am around three o'clock, two between two and four o'clock in the afternoon in the Netherlands time, Dutch time, European time; um, a lot of times you'll see that a lot of altcoins start dumping.

00:34:20
So, that's the Dutch Sunday. I hope that helped. I hope that helped. I hope that helped. I hope that helped, RapidX. So, okay, guys, where were we? So, we were over here. You know, guys, let me go. Why not? Let's dive a little bit deeper. Focus. So, if you don't know what PaxGPC is, this is for the new people in here. This chart is is is gold versus Bitcoin, so uh basically what you're seeing over here is: if this one goes up, it means that Bitcoin goes down. When Bitcoin goes down, crypto... You know, guys? I know that maybe for some people over here it's it's not uh, you probably think uh, but for some people they they don't understand this, especially new people, that's why I'm gonna start this It's this beginner's trading course.

00:35:21
You have to understand that if Bitcoin goes down, altcoins go down. Because some people, they still don't get this. They think, oh, well, you know, Solana is going to moon. Yes. Okay. Well, why is Solana not going up? And then you see Bitcoin going down. They think that Solana lives its own life or Ethereum lives its own life. For sure, you've got like max five percent of the altcoins they sometimes go against bitcoin but you know it's not about that exceptions it's about it's about the 95 so when bitcoin goes down your altcoin will probably also go down I know some people they still don't seem to understand this they don't know this you have to go into the beginners trading course vids I will make a professional trader I'll at least make you understand what you're doing.

00:36:19
And maybe even you're going to make some money while you're protecting your capital. And while I'll make you immune to greed and I'll make you immune to whatever Schiller's or your favorite crypto guru is the crap that he's selling you. I'm going to create a monster out of you. So listen, guys. No, seriously. So back to PC, guys. I was eyeing this one. I tweeted about this also. Guys, it's 30% over here. 30%. It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a lot. 30%. Ah, we even got, you know, Mamar. Monsieur Mamar. Monsieur Mamar. You know, I don't know. But if this thing will reach this red zone, start buying. Start buying, Monsieur Mamar. I don't know if it's hit, but if this thing by any means gets just close to this red box start buying I've said it start buying buy buy buy buy buy that's why you hear MW buy buy buy buy and you know if you're gonna get wrecked after it so be it

00:37:41
if we're going to get wrecked after it or so be it, then, you know, we at least tried, you know. But, you know, if we, you know, suppose that this one is going to hit and we're going to, you know, we're going to deploy like 70, 80% of our money or maybe even more. Who gives a crap? And, you know, this thing just goes above it and goes, oh, and we get wrecked. So be it. We tried. We tried, guys. We tried. Because this is when MW is going to higher up the risk. If you want to know, okay, MW, you know, you're a safe trader, defense trader. You make money every day. You kill those trades every day. You called all the tops. You called all the bottoms.

00:38:29
You keep making money and we hate you for it because we just don't understand how you keep doing this. Well, I'm telling you now, if this red zone gets hit, I'm going to buy myself a lot of crypto. A lot of crypto. You know? Boom. I'm going to risk it. I'm going to risk it. So, Monsieur Van Maag, put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Because this is, guys, by the way, it's a lot. You know, Bitcoin has to really dump hard. Maybe we're going to reach it by tomorrow. Who knows? I don't hope so, because I'm not ready to buy big, but I have to get some funds; I have to liquidate some other funds out of some juicy, juicy other winning trades.

00:39:25
But, you know, yeah, well, you know, yeah, you know, yeah, I think, yeah, I think if this thing is gonna, you know. Okay, well, whatever, so. Let me show you guys something else, yeah. I was going to explain you guys about this chart, yes. So this was also a chart very interesting to see, this is something very memorable but you have to keep in mind that this is just between X, this is not all the markets, it's just between X, that's it. But between X, look at this while we already came down by what is it, 20k, 25k, no, 15, yeah, something like 20k, 23k, 24k, look where we are, look where we are. The shorts are still, you know, just to explain for the one on Twitter, um, if this thing goes up, it means that shorts are getting opened, that's what it means.

00:40:18
So you have to see it like this over here, so suppose over here these were wheels, these are no retailers by the way, these are wheels, they're opening short, short, short, short, and over here when you see it come down, it means that they are closing their shorts, that's what you're seeing, and over here with the longs, it's the opposite thing, so over here, These are now people that are opening longs at This level. So, the past weeks from December, they're opening up longs. So they're building longs. So these Bitfinex wheels, they think that the Bitcoin will go to 500K or 1 million or whatever. So they are opening up longs and they are not closing. Over here, they closed a lot of longs. Over here, they're not closing their longs.

00:40:57
So that's how to read this. But, you know, the longs, I don't care about longs. So I'm going to even remove the longs. I don't care about longs. The shorts is what I'm interested in because this shows me much more than the longs. Longs doesn't show me. So this one. And this one, you know, you see like the VIX, you know, you can compare this a little bit to the VIX. But this one, it's, you know, it's not moving. There's nothing happening. So this could mean two things. What would happen to Bitcoin if this thing spikes up? Michael Saylor. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Listen, guys. We are at bottom formations over here. This is really bottom formations where we are over here. So, I don't know what these guys are planning.

00:41:51
Look at this, guys. Look at this. We are really at bottom formations over here. So I don't know what they're doing what they're planning, but you know, just look at this spike over here It spikes up; you know when that happens. It's the same when this happens. You'll probably get this one to happen the red zone over here. By the way, guys, if you're gonna zoom out, look where we are – see this? Look where we are! If this thing comes over here, Bitcoin will be at $10 or whatever. You can buy a pizza with it. But I think, by the way, that time will come. Not $10, but I think that Bitcoin will go very low, maybe even to $10K or lower.

00:42:40
And I think that that will happen once they're going to liquidate Michael Saylor. That's it. Oh, I'm done? What did I say? What did I say? Yes, that's what I said. I said it. I'm not saying it's going to happen this year or next year. It will happen at some point. And I think that Super Wheels will liquidate Microsoft at some point. They're going to destroy it financially. That's what I think. And to destroy it financially, you have to dump Bitcoin below $20K, $10K. I think it will happen. But it's not now. This is just something I'm thinking on the long run. It's related to Microsoft. But it's just what I think. Don't give a crap about what I think. Don't care about that. So dominance. Oh, dominance, dominance.

00:43:27
Look at this. You know, when I see this, I see so much money. We're going to make so much money. We're going to make so much money. You see this? This is money printing. This is our printer. You know, this is our printer. Money is getting printed, guys. We’re going to make so much money. At least if you have some money left. If you’re listening to me, I’m not being greedy and in a 90% bloody portfolio. But listen, look at this, guys. Oh. You know, I can get so excited. Look at this. Look at this. Are you guys not excited? I’m excited when I see this. Just what if this thing will hit that 70%? Monsieur Mamach, Mamach, if this thing gets to 70%, same story.

00:44:28
Bye. Bye. Just bye. Just bye. Don’t think. Bye. So that's about that. Let me do this one, since we are heading into this one also. By the way, guys, this is USDT. Oh, by the way, did you see? Yesterday I tweeted about it. Did you see that? Stablecoins are no securities out of the sudden now. You understand what they just did; you understand. I know that a lot of you guys will probably don't understand what just happened-what they basically said is there are no security as well, no securities. Mean that you know you probably could be bullish on it so let me tell you this: if people are going to get bullish on stable coins in the US dollar, we're going to have a problem in crypto. You have to understand that.

00:45:22
So that's super bearish, guys. That's not bullish. That's bearish. Because you have to see it like this: if wills, VCs will find safety in their stable coins, then they can move markets much harder because they could sell and buy very fast. It's very good for us traders, but it's very bad for holders. It's very bad for people that, you know. Have a weak heart or a weak weak emotions or are very greedy very bad because you know when people find safety in stable coins, that's when they will start trading hard; they can just buy in with a million bucks and sell at the same time take a little bit of profits to sell it, why because they feel safe. You probably think okay, what the freak are you talking about?

00:46:18
Okay, well, whatever. Whatever. I've seen this. I've seen this, by the way. I've seen this because, you know, a lot of people, they call me crazy or whatever. Okay, call me crazy. You know how I opened up the MW Short ETF? Do you know how I made the biggest shorts in history on crypto Twitter? I know that nobody is talking about it. I understand that because they want you to only see the greedy people in crypto, famous people that get you wrecked. They don't want you to see. The ones that can make you rich, no they'll hide me, they ghost me. But listen, guys, you see this? Trump president, Trump president. Well, they were telling you that Trump, and he-by the way, Trump himself was telling you that also.

00:47:01
Um, he's gonna make crypto bullish or buy. Oh, you see all the circus? You've all seen the circus. I don't have to you know the clowns. You've seen the acrobats, uh, you've seen the the elephants-you've seen them all. While you guys were busy watching that show, I was shorting the crap out of everything that came across me, you know? So because I already told you by that time also, the only thing Trump is bullish on or is going to try to protect, and as he should, so don't blame him for doing this. That's his responsibility as the president of the United States. He needs to protect the damn dollar before it goes to zero. This is what he has been protecting. Look, since he's president, look at this.

00:47:48
How USDT dominance is going up. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. See this? So for Mr. Mamach, put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. So Mr. Mamach, you have to keep in mind that you probably want to buy. You know, you want to buy. Guys, I'm showing you when to buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. I love that GIF, by the way, from the, I don't know who it was from the Rita film. It was, it was a clip from, I think it was from Better Call Saul. You know, that big, big, big black guy, like, like, like, like sleeping on that big pallet of cash. That's us. That's that's who we are.

00:48:45
That's how we do things so but listen guys by by by By I'm showing you everything today about how and when to buy So when you're sitting on a big shit loaded bag of cash. I'm showing you went to buy so when we go surpass this line over here the DCA buy will start You don't even have to ask me. I'm showing you, giving you exactly the charts you need to use to start buying. DCA buy. Slowly. So let me go back to Bitcoin because I need to show you guys. This is also my target. I'm still waiting for it. So I'm really waiting for the 75 and 70K levels to hit. If they're going to hit, I'm going to start buying. It's that simple. So there is no hidden agenda over here or whatever.

00:49:44
I don't give a crap. You know, I don't care what Trump is doing. I don't care about the tariffs. I don't care about inflation. I don't care about anything. We hit this box over here. I'm going to start buying. Because why? Because I've got a big shitload of bag of cash is waiting to deploy. And, you know, I need to deploy at some point. So I'm going to DCA. And if it wants to go lower to these levels, my next box, then we're going to buy over there more. I don't care, but I need to be in, you know, it's not, you know, you cannot, you cannot just wait seeing all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the retailers in crypto all wrecked like 90, 90, 95% down on the portfolios.

00:50:23
And we are just with our 100% cash back. Yes. Just watching them. And, you know, well, we hope we're going to do better next time. No, we get, we have to get, you know, we have to get into the game. We have to start getting into the game; we have to start uh scaling in, and you know by scaling in, it's not about Bitcoin, uh, it's about uh the long ETF and a lot of coins in that long ETF. Also, so at some point, we're gonna, we're gonna have to start buying, guys; we're gonna have to start buying. So um, just wait because you know only on those bounces we can make a lot of money, and I know that Bitcoin didn't dump it, but Bitcoin, you know, in my opinion, is just uh, it's just, it's just a matter of time; it's just a matter of time.

00:51:06
And this thing will hit over here; and then when it hits over here, that's when we start buying. And let's see if it's going to hold this level over here for a bounce, yes or no. Because the fact that you're seeing it holding so strong could also be a trick that maybe they want to dump it hard. That's how I see it. Maybe they want to really create a big 10K or maybe even a 15K candle. It's possible. It's possible. So I'm prepared but everything in the blue zone. I'm gonna prepare myself for a bite So let me go to some altcoins also while we're headed on so We had fart coin fart coin fart coin fart coin so I was I was eyeing this one I saw that the team was sharing something about this and Well, I thought to myself They're doing a great job.

00:51:58
So I was eyeing this like this this this this this bearish This bearish, this bear flag. And, you know, I thought to myself, you know, Fartcoin is our coin. And if someone is going to make money on Fartcoin, we are going to make money on Fartcoin. Nobody's allowed to make money on Fartcoin. Only the retail fab, only GTC is allowed to make money on Fartcoin. Nobody else. Everyone else is allowed to lose money on Fartcoin. We don't care about that. But if someone's going to make money, it's a retail fab. This is our coin. We own this coin. Maybe I should buy just all the, all the, all, all, everything on FartCoin and we're just going to make it our coin. Why not? Who's going to vote yes in the chat?

00:52:38
Who's going to vote yes? MW, buy all the FartCoin supply and make it GTC, GTC. so so uh i think that the team made a good call on this one i think they made a really good call they gave a call on the five minute invalidation so i think that the team is in this trade i don't i haven't checked it by the way i really have no clue but i think that they are in this trade so that's about fart the coin i was the indicator by the way showing ah we're testing the four hour beautiful beautiful so uh i think that the four hour will get um i think that this thing will break down i'm just saying I'm just saying, I think we'll come and revisit these zones again.

00:53:20
35 cents, 34 cents. Guys, I'm just saying what I think. You guys are here for me, what I think. And that's what I think. That's what I think. I think that this thing will come down. Or they have to be; listen, if some viewer, some retail fund member going to open up a $10 million short on Fart Cornwell, then it's not going to happen. Then you're going to see a big candle up. Because that's just how it works in trading, but if you know if if it just stays the same and just markets are just going healthy, I think that this thing will break down for now. We're holding the indicator so this is just uh huddle huddle huddle huddle and there we go. So by the way, I was telling salsa about this one.

00:54:03
By the way, guys, I was telling salsa about this one. This coin is starting to get on my nerves; this coin is really starting these Koreans you know. They don't, they, you know, these Koreans, they're a little bit, you know, it's starting to get, I'm starting to get annoyed by these guys. You know, I don't want to, you know, it's just like, you know, that movie of The Godfather, you know, just when you think you're out, they pull you back in. You know, I don't want to get Back then just don't just leave me alone. I'm let me do the trading course vids. Let me do the live stream. Let me educate people. Don't pull me back into the game, please. Koreans, just don't – I'm telling you, you don't want me to get back in.

00:54:48
You guys know that; as no others, just don't let me come back. But listen, guys: this coin, this coin we had, this this is this was a perfect hit, by the way 161 in the red zone over here, a perfect hit. So, this was all I think that's it for this trade; I think that salsa is in this trade, making money. I'm making money – yes, actually, have it open on two different entries on two different exchanges: yes, ah, let me guess, Binance and B2X. Yes, oh by the way, guys, uh, for the ones are very important to tell you this: by the way, guys, uh, what we're gonna do is we're gonna shift everything to GTC Insider. It means that if you want the indicator, GTC Insider.

00:55:31
If you want free private group, GTC Insider. If you want 20 course vids, GTC Insider. So everything is going to GTC Insider. Salsa has made a beautiful form that you can just fill in. It will be checked every Friday and Saturday. It's all automated, and you guys don't even have to wait or to get a message from us. You'll just get added to the free private group. So out of the sudden, yeah, if you're having your settings that you cannot be added, you will be uh getting contacted by GTC Insider, so uh that way it's much easier for me to focus on my work. And, you know, there's another team working on that one. Also, that you guys don't have to wait very long. And, you know, so everything goes very smoothly.

00:56:18
So everything goes to GTC Insider. So if you want to indicate a leverage trading course with Patreon, Telegram, whatever it is that you want, GTC Insider, especially with the new link tree that is being made, also a beautiful link tree, by the way, updated also on my account. So back to Leo. So, Leo, what do we want, bro? What is what is the plan so later I'm gonna give it one more chance I'm gonna give you my last chance, do whatever it is that you have to do and stop uh freaking around, okay then. I wanted to show you guys T-Rex, so um this is the ecosystem that I've been talking about past weeks, so you guys will ask, oh what ecosystem? What's this is it? Guys, this is it.

00:57:04
Um, this coin will be added to my to my longing deal, but then you're gonna tell me wait a minute, wait a minute, M-W, wait a minute, M-W. You never buy coins that are not at bottom formation exactly exactly, so I do agree on that one. So, but I'm going off the books on this one and I'm going off the books on this one. Why am I going off the books on this one? Because uh, this thing is a monster, this thing is a monster, this thing I already said it. Just never fight justin, justin is the most dangerous will that I know in crypto, he's even More dangerous than CZ or whatever Justin is just Justin is super dangerous and I think that this thing by the way you can see it already because Alpiman look, look Alpiman, this for Alpiman Alpiman look up, listen to me, I want you to listen to me.

00:58:03
This is now your time to shine, Alpiman. Now it's about you. Look how Justin has been defending the line over here. Are you seeing this? On the weekly, this is on the freaking weekly. He doesn't care about markets going down, altcoins going down, everything's going down, falling like a rock. Everything is, you know, all the coins are at these levels. This is where most of the coins are. They're now at these levels. Look where Tron is. This is mind-blowing, guys. This is mind-blowing, guys. Look where Tron is. Just look. That's why I also always tell you, don't short. This thing made a 10x from, you know, in two years. Made a 10x. That's massive, guys. That's massive. And, you know, look how it's respecting this indicator on the weekly.

00:58:57
And, you know, over here, look at this. Let me zoom in. Look. Over here, this one boom up, this one boom up, this one boom up, this one boom up; it just keeps going, so am I going to buy it now? No, I'm sorry. Happy man, I'm sorry. I just, you know, was making you excited and then, you know, got this bummer like 'Oh, I'm not buying.' I never buy FOMO, but I will trade it, and I think that the volume traders, So the volume traders that are following me, the volume traders are following me. You guys should prepare yourself for TRX. I think that you guys are going to make sick money on this coin. You understand? Volume traders, so the real high volume traders.

00:59:46
This is, you know, the Solana that we've been trading, the Cardano. It's not about Cardano, Solana. It's now about this coin, TRX. The thing about this thing, when you're trading this thing up; by the way, no short. I'm not telling you to short this. Don't focus on shorts on this. You only focus on longs. This coin for the high volume traders, you have to use the damn Indy. Use the damn Indy. This coin, I think that this coin, I think that this coin, you know. I think that this coin will be one of the strongest big cap altcoins out there. So that's TRX, guys. So keep an eye on TRX. And this is just easy peasy trader indicator. The indicator is the only thing that you have to trade.

01:00:39
So let's see how is Barrow doing. Oh, Barrow, why? Oh, Barrow, Barrow, Barrow. By the way, guys, for the ones that don't know this, Barrow is my girlfriend. So I don't know. And Wilco's girlfriend Barra is my girlfriend for now, for now she's my girlfriend, I don't know for how long, maybe I'm gonna get another girlfriend but Barra is my girlfriend. By the way guys, this uh Barra, I'm so proud of every freaking one of you guys that took this trade while I shared it, uh you know I just love you guys, you know I love it where you guys make money, that's if you want, you want to see me happy don't make me happy with 10k or 50k 100k, make me happy telling me 'mw I changed my life financially because of your education, that's how you make me happy.

01:01:28
Look at this guys, mama mia, mama mia, mama mia, is there anyone still doubting ML killer? I don't think. I don’t think there’s anyone left in the world doubting me; I just don’t think road with blow Netherlands. So, I don’t think there’s anyone left doubting me. I don’t think there is someone doubting me. Look at this, guys. You know how much money this is? I can tell you that the team made five figures on this one. And I think if we’re going to reach lower, they’re going to reach maybe a dangerous number. But the team made five figures. Look at this, guys. Since the call, 40%. And you have to keep in mind that Bitcoin didn’t dump yet. Just think about it.

01:02:14
Go to the 70k ranges or maybe even the 50k rings between 70, 50 barrel bye-bye better. It's the same like I was gonna show you guys this Friday but I forgot about it, I started with it and then I forgot about let me show you guys let me show because I want you guys to know when you know when when I'm in the middle of the heat when I you know well when things are heated you know I talk about things and I give you guys my opinion to give you guys some also I give you guys my solid uh thoughts on something but by time they all work out all of them but they work out. But we, we forget about them a lot of people they forget about. Listen, my way you told us you remember you told us he told us exactly what happened and it happened exactly. as you said i'm going to show you guys one moment

01:03:20
i'm gonna show you guys let's go let's go look at this guys do you remember do you guys remember listen guys just for the new viewers over here we killed this coin you know we killed this coin you you guys cannot imagine how much money we made on this coin for the new people over here we killed this coin over here this drop we killed this coin over here on this drop we killed this coin over here on this drop and on this drop and on this drop and on this drop and at some point we lost i don't know if they're still retail members that are trading this but whatever but you have to keep in mind That you know when we were shorting the crap out of this coin.

01:04:19
You got a lot of people, MWI, it's the new, it's the best project in the world. It's the this, it's the that. I told them, listen. Listen. Stop it. Stop. Stop being the parrot. Parrot? Do they say parrot? Yeah, the parrot. Stop being, stop saying the same as all those shillers and influencers are saying. They at least get paid to say it. Do you get paid? You're a loser. No, you're not getting paid. So they're getting money to say, Eigen, the new technology, new this, new going to the moon, whatever. Crap out there. And you're just repeating what they're saying. That's a loser, because you're a loser. Because again, they are getting paid to say it. They're making money. They're not holding any Eigen. They're telling you that they're buying Eigen, and they're holding Eigen.

01:05:13
They are not buying Eigen. They are getting paid to tell you that they're buying Eigen. Maybe sometime I need, you know, the thing is I cannot, you know, maybe I should do it sometime. Do you guys know how many offers I get from projects that tell me, listen, MW, we're going to make you, we're going to give you a lot of money. What you have to do is, you have to talk about the project and you have to show people live how you're buying it. We're going to make you, we're going to give you a lot of money. Isn't that I am immune to that greed, you know? And I just wouldn't do that for no money in the world because I will never ever ever make anyone suffer or or gonna wreck another human being.

01:06:03
So, I so you have to see like this: the moment that I take money from someone and I know that you know I'm gonna destroy other people with it, with that money that I'm getting-actually it's blood money, that's what it is; it's blood money! So they are paying me to cut off your heads. That's what they're paying me for. They're paying me. They're giving me money so I can destroy you guys financially, that's what they're doing. So actually, this is blood money. That's just what it is. It's retail blood money. Isn't that all these guys that you know on Twitter, that they don't give a crap and they just, you know, they do this and they're smiling about it and they sleep very good at night about it.

01:06:43
Listen, these guys are monsters and they're evil and, you know, they have no souls. They met the devil and they love the devil and they go to bed with the devil and they hug the devil. That's their thing. That's not something I can do. I wouldn't do that for no money in the world. But you have to keep in mind that these losers, because, you know, I've been getting a lot of hate from a lot of people in crypto about this coin. Because while everyone's telling, I told you it was going up. Listen, it's only going up to dump much more after. They're sucking you in.

01:07:32
So, uh, Eigen. So, Eigen and Berra. Here's Berra. Here's Eigen. You see Eigen? Are you seeing Eigen? Look at Eigen. That's all I have to say. Look at Eigen. Because Berra is the same story as Eigen. The same story that happened with Eigen, that, you know, the same song, the same song that they were singing to you about Eigen is the same song that they're singing now about Berra. Do we got some music? Sounds like we got some music.

01:08:25
We stay cool. MW breaks every rule. Retail fan, we know the sound. Pump it up, then dump it down. No fear here, we know the way. Game trading every day. The indicator leads the way. Pump it up, then dump it down. Pump it up, pump it up, pump it up now. Dump it down, dump it down, we show them how. Thank you, thank you, Celso. Thank you. You have to go. Thank you, thank you. Okay, guys, we're going to wrap it up, guys. I think it's enough for today. I think you just need to be – listen, the only thing that I want you guys to do today and tomorrow uh if you want to make money this is all you have to do, this is all that you have to do.

01:09:04
One hour. Hey, Alpiman, listen! This is all that you have to do: watch the damn indicator, so over here we're very far how do you do that? You go, let's see... Oh, so far. Oh, Bitcoin is looking dumpy. Oh, what a surprise! What a surprise! Oh, it's such a surprise to us. Oh, Bitcoin is dumpy. Oh, we're shocked. But it was holding so strong against the markets yesterday. And that's supposed to be bullish. Oh, yes! And all the Twitter influencers in crypto were telling us that Bitcoin is going to moon against the market because stocks are crushing and Bitcoin is going to the moon. Yes. They told us yesterday, and now today it's going down. Why is it going down? Why? Meanie, meanie, meanie, meanie, meanie. Freaking amateurs.

01:10:02
I'm telling you again and again, these guys are getting paid. You are the loser for listening to that. Look, don't, don't. Maybe you think MW is a dick. I just can't stand the guy. Could be. It's no problem. Could be. I can stand a lot of people about it. But you know what I do when I can't stand people? I don't listen to them. I don't watch them. I don't want to hear them. So if you think MW is a dick, go watch someone else. At least look at someone who is telling you the truth and not getting paid to tell you whatever narrative they're selling you. Just look for the objective people in crypto or in the financial markets so you can protect your capital, so you can make money the good way.

01:10:45
So, again, if you want to join the leverage trading course, it's B2NX below. And I promise you we're watching for the ones that have been DMing me their UIDs and et cetera. You will get a response later today or tomorrow morning. I'm a little bit late because of my office setup. So excuse me for that one. For the beginners course, you have to wait until we arrange everything. And let's see. what number we're gonna put on it and what we're gonna do because it has to go into some collaboration with a lot of uh marketing stuff that we're also starting up and uh gtc insider make sure that you subscribe to that uh to that twitter account because a lot of things will happen on gtc insider and my account will be just you know you know gtc inside is a professional account and my account is just you know the wild wild west with mw breaking every rule and nailing every target and nailing every trade and nailing every prediction that's mw i'm just freely saying whatever the fuck it is that i think that i need to say i love you all thanks All for joining in trade well, my friends, and have a nice one, bye!
*** Live Stream 04-07-2025 Best trader on the webs predicted everyting into erfection AGAIN !! Whats next *** 

00:00:02
Boom, boom, welcome, welcome retail fam, MWM will kill again trading crypto GTC welcome retail fam, another live stream, yes, we gotta hit it again, yeah, you know, life is boring, you know, life is boring when you keep mailing those predictions, keep mailing those trades, you keep mailing, you know, you keep making money, you know, at some point it gets boring, you know, maybe a lot of times on a tweet about it on Twitter, I tell you guys, listen, guys, it's boring, I'm bored. A lot of times I think that most of you guys have no clue what I'm talking about, like, what the freak are you talking about? Well, maybe you understand it now because it's just boring. It's just boring. You know, I need a challenge. I need to challenge myself.

00:00:46
You know, that's what I'm always looking for too, you know, to keep going. And sometimes it's just boring, especially when you're seeing all those images on YouTube, on Twitter, you know. Sometimes, you know it makes me want to throw up sometimes, but you know it is what it is. I also i want to shout out to Helena for making those videos again, uh, so uh, shout out to Helena, and also, also, also, also, shout out to all the retail fam for reposting, liking, sharing the offer, sharing whatever it is that you guys are sharing. You know, I always say like this; you know, I also say this to Karen, so shout out to Karen, she's with us today.

00:01:30
So I also say this: you know, the only thing that I expect from a retail firm, especially if you, you know, you're working on anything GTC related, the only thing that I ask you for is be honest; just be honest and, and, and, and, you know, don't bullshit people. And because that's what, you know, at the end of the road, maybe you can fool people by FOMO, you can fool them with lies, you can feed them, whatever. But at some point, people will only remember those who have been honest to them, the ones that told them the truth, the ones that were not selling them dreams, the ones that have been protecting their capital, the ones that-if it's good or wrong, I will always tell you, you know, it's just what it is.

00:02:13
I don't give a fuck. It's just that that's just what it is. and uh also uh what i'm doing now so unfortunately i'm blocking a lot of people you know when people start uh whining about 50 bucks uh that is most you know it's the 50 bucks goes most of the part goes to the marketing team for the ones that are working on gtc so an apart goes to charity so if you're whining about 50 bucks i've said it a lot of times if 50 bucks is too much for you to pay to to get educated to know where the markets are going to you know whatever it is that you that you're getting over here you shouldn't be trading or investing anyway so get it use that 50 bucks go to mcdonald's Two people, two happy meals or two meals of 50 bucks is gone.

00:03:05
So use that to feed yourself or feed your children. Don't trade crypto or don't invest in crypto because it's not made for you. 20 bucks or 100 bucks or 200 bucks is not going to make you rich. And I understand that a lot of people, they watch all these YouTube shows, feeding them greed, telling them that they can get rich with whatever, whatever, with 100, 200, 500 bucks. It's just a lot of crap. And then you can tell me, oh, I'm W, but, you know, that meme coin made it 100x. Yes, it made it 100x. But you will never, ever get the chance to get that 100x on a meme form because you will only hear about it when it already went up. So, you know, it's very hard for me to keep explaining people this.

00:03:51
And, you know, at some point I have to make a choice because we're losing energy on these people for nothing. And, you know, me blocking them is maybe the best thing that I, you know, that I'm doing for them. Because when I block them, they're blocked. Just go live your life. Crypto investing, trading, commodities, stocks, whatever, is for people that own the funds. It's just that simple. It might sound very cruel. It might sound very hard. But it's the truth. And let me tell you this. The people that have been making a lot of money in the previous cycles with small money. Those times are gone. Those times will not come back. It's done. Since the institution came back into crypto and they joined us, and the governments and whatever, that's what they did.

00:04:38
They destroyed the dreams of every poor soul trying to be rich in crypto. So I know this is not what you want me to say, but this is the truth. This is the truth. you can you know you can debate me whatever i understand you know all my colleagues or all those people on twitter yeah you can get rich you need to buy the blood you need to do this you need to do it you know it's fine they need to get people into crypto they need people to repost them they need people to join them they need people to pay them they need people to they need people so they can shield crap to them i understand that They got, you know, they've got companies, they've got people they have to pay.

00:05:25
They, you know, they don't care. They just, it doesn't matter. If you only have 50 bucks in your pockets, they will do whatever it is to get that 50 bucks out of your pocket. So they will do whatever it is. They will sell their, you know, they just don't care, these people. The only thing that they focus on, they need to get that 50 or 20 bucks or 100 bucks out of your pocket. So they will never ever tell you the truth. How it works in crypto. I'm trying as a lone ranger in, you know, in the middle of them to try to show you guys. And, you know, and then I get a lot of hate on Twitter because I'm destroying their dreams. Yeah, well, $ 50 bucks is a lot of money for me.

00:06:06
Bro, if 50 bucks is a lot of money, don't, don't, just don't get involved in crypto. And, you know, don't leverage trade also because you've got also, you know, I get those people in. And then they tell me, oh, MW, you know, I've got like $500. That's all I've got. And, you know, I deposited on Blofing. Don't! Just don't! You will get wrecked. The only thing that I will tell you is you will get wrecked. They will liquidate you because, you know, I made that money just for me to know that I will not get any cockroaches into my community. I need people that are serious about trading, want to make money the good way, the safe way. But with $500, you're not going to make it.

00:06:53
It's just what it is. You're not going to make it. And also, very important, I reposted it. I made a new post just like some minutes ago. The new crypto now is you can make a 5x. You can make a 10x. If we're going to do it real good on the right way, we can make 20, 30 to 50x. But that's it. Don't expect that you're going to make a thousand X or whatever. And this is also, you know, for me, I don't give a crap about this 50, 20, 50, 100 X because I'm a trader. I only focus on how much money I'm going to make today and how much money I'm going to make tomorrow. So, you know, this 50 Xs, 100 Xs, this is what a spot buy is.

00:07:36
And I'm not, it's possible. And that's why I'm tweeting about it because you have to see it like this. When everyone gets bearish again, when markets go down, we're going to talk about it in a moment, you're going to buy. And when you're going to buy, a 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10x is just reality. You can make that, especially on meme coins. You can make that. So this is now where your focus has to be. And if you owe like 100 bucks and you're not going to make a 10x, you made a thousand bucks. Maybe for some people in very poor countries, it's a lot of money. So I'm here to help you. Just don't never trade. It's just spot trade.

00:08:22
Spot, buy in at the blood, huddle, and you sell it when it makes a 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10x. You just sell it and take the profits. But you have to understand that there are also a lot of people that trade with millions. Those people that trade with millions, when they buy some coin for like 100k and it makes 10x. They made 900K. Are you feeling me or not? Because you have to see it like this. All those altcoin dailyos, Alex Packers, all those coin bureaus, all those people that, you know, all those capo, wizard, lizard, whatever. These people, you have to understand, they are now 90% down. Oh, boy. So they are 90% down, 95% down on the altcoins that they're holding. You know, this Dr. Loss, because this Dr.

00:09:09
Loss. He has got a private paid group. And what he does is he shares a lot of crap in that paid group. You know, those people are 90, 95% down on those coins. And some coins, there is some potential over there. So when those people get a break even, you made a 56,78X. That's just when they get a break even. And that's why I'm always educating you guys. It's all about timing the markets. You know, there are a lot of people that have been following me now for months. And, you know, a lot of times I'm telling you, I'm not buying. You know, do you remember when I showed you this chart and I'm telling you, I'm not buying. I don’t care what you.

00:09:54
And, you know, a lot of people, they unfollow me or they hate me or they don’t want to listen to me. And, you know, listen, guys, I’m not buying. Look where we are. I’m not buying here. I need the blood. I need the blood to buy. I need the blood. I will not buy as long as there is no blood. And you know, well, don’t listen to me. Later in the latest stadium, when they get wrecked and they’re 80, 90% down, then they come back to MW. Well, you’re right. I don’t give a freak about you telling me I was right. I don’t need you to tell me I’m right. You know, I know what my skills are. I know what my power is.

00:10:31
I know what I can do. I know I've been doing this. Maybe you noticed it only now from January. I've been doing this for three years on social media. I'm not even going to start about what I was doing before that. I've been doing this for a very long time. So if you want to tell me, okay, MW, I'm starting to buy in now. I'm telling you, yes, yes. This is where you need to start DCA in. This is where you need to start buying in. No matter what the fear out there is, no matter how weird, how bad things look, you start buying. Because why? You can only start buying if you are 100% in cash or at least between 70% to 100% in cash.

00:11:12
That's when you start getting some, you know, you have to start getting some money in. Because we had this, you know, at some point. I don't trade based on news. I trade based on the charts and what they're showing me. That's how I make money. And, you know, the charts are showing me now, okay, if I'm 100% in cash, I need to get at least 20% in. 20% needs to get in at these levels. At least, at least. And this is investment portfolio. Trading portfolio is a whole other style. You just go in and boom, boom, boom, make that damn money, open up those loans. But it's at this point, investment portfolio, put in 20%. Just put it in. And then you can take profits on the bounce.

00:11:58
Maybe you're going to make a double. Maybe you're even going to go lower. It doesn't matter. So you're going to buy, again, this 20%. You buy it in. Another 20, another 20. And this is how you scale into the markets. Listen, guys, let me tell you this. This zone now is where you should be. I already shared this. Uh, maybe 70, it's a bit risky, but you could, you could, but you have to understand that when I say 70 in, you have to understand where I come from because where I come from is I'm a trader, I've got an 80 trading portfolio and I've got a 20 investment portfolio so for me if I put in 70 for my investment portfolio on the bounce I will decrease it back into 50 or 30 or 40.

00:12:46
Just in case we're going down again. Then I'll start loading up. It's a strategy. It's a system that I have been building for myself. And why is this style so important? Because my style of investing and trading is based on defensive style. And then you can say, well, the best defense is offense. Yeah. Maybe at football or basketball, whatever. Not in investing. Not in investing. Investing is another world. While I was creating my style of trading and investing and not losing, it's very defensive. And then I thought to myself, wait a minute, but the best defense is offense. That doesn't work in trading and investing. It just doesn't work. So I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for joining in today. So we're going to do some analysis about the financial markets.

00:13:37
We're going to talk about Bitcoin, we're going to talk about Paxi, we're going to talk about altcoins, about some buy orders that have been hit very hard. We're going to talk about what are the strongest coins that are showing some power today. Also, I didn't share us the 10 or the 6. Uh, volume coins because I wanted to do those today but uh, Salsa is traveling so she's struggling a little bit with internet so please forgive her for that one and show some love, boom boom, and let the music run. Thank you,

00:15:53
thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, so what do I got this one? See this one? Warren Buffett uses your stuff now, let me tell you, this guy, let me tell you, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to understand this. Warren Buffett is no trader; there's a big, big difference between me and Warren Buffett. So, Warren Buffett is no trader, Warren Buffett is an investor, and uh, he times markets, okay? We do that same, but he's no trader. Warren Buffett, you know, like, you know, when the price goes, top, top, top, top, top, top, top. Let me show you. When the price goes like top, top, top, top, top, top. My style is: I make money over here. I make money over here.

00:16:34
I make money over here. I make money over here. Warren Buffett doesn't care. Warren Buffett enters over here and makes money over here. So this is how Warren Buffett makes money. Warren Buffett doesn't give a freak about these moves. This is a very big difference, guys. and warren buffett's portfolio is i think like 100 investing it's not trading so there is a big difference between me and warren buffett's we're totally two totally different people i'm a trader he's an investor but he's in my opinion the best investor ever you know it's very it's very funny because there was a friend of mine he told me like this was a couple of months ago and he told me like i told he told me like yeah i know but you know mw you know um we're going to the moon This was before Trump was in, and we're going to the moon.

00:17:20
Trump, everything's coming, everything's going to the moon. Do you think that you are smarter than Warren Buffett? He told me no. What is Warren Buffett doing now? He's cashing out. Do you think that there is a reason why he's cashing out? Maybe. But what makes you believe that we're going up? He told me, yeah, well, that's the sentiment. That's, you know, that's when I read the news, when I go read whatever, whoever he's reading or watching or whatever, everyone says I'm going to the moon. I told him, well, that should be an even more red, red, red alert to you that, you know, be careful because when everyone is telling you that we're going up, that's when we probably go down. So, okay, so.

00:18:13
I really hope that Helena will find that Sunday vid of mine, it was the Sunday vid one, you know, you remember when when I did this, I did it like this on that Sunday, maybe I remember, but either way, guys, very important so uh, we hit the zone over here, guys, keep in mind that this is strong support, so whatever you're reading and you see already, you see already how it's hitting over here and rub up, let me put it on the daily so you can see it better, guys, this is the support level, and you see, and I know it's a bit scary because you see down down down down and then yeah, where does uh, where did I say that the sport was over?

00:18:59
Oh, and then we go up, it's my flowing, it's freaking scary to see. So, but are we there yet? No, I don't think we're there yet. Because why? Because first of all, the markets didn't open yet. Because this is just futures. Let me see, where's the SPX? What time is the SPX? You know, I'm living now in another time zone. So it's now five. So it's not, no, I think the markets will open up in an hour or one hour and a half like that. So the markets didn't open yet. So we have to now see if Wall Street opens. How is it going to react? So it's a bit premature to say, but technically, on the technicals, this is support, guys. Everything over here is support. Let me use this one.

00:19:47
You see? Over here. This is support. This is the blue box. This is the support level. And that's exactly what you're seeing also. You're seeing it bouncing up. Kabish? Kabish? So it's bouncing up. So now is the question. Now is the question. Use the Indy. Look at the Indy on the daily where it is at 5,600. Okay. Where is it at the four-hour? It's at 5,300. Where is it on the one hour? Now we're at it now. Oh, this indicator, you know, it came down very hard. So the first thing, we got this gap, first of all. We got this gap over here. So we had, basically, we already had the bounce from, you know, oh, this is beautiful, by the way. So this was a boom.

00:20:38
Oh, we're coming to the support of MW. We go up, and then confirmation. This is the confirmation. This is the double. So this is super bullish. So confirmation, and then up she went. This is, you know, I've showed you guys this so many times. So it comes down, goes up, and then comes down. Confirm this as support, and then off she goes. You see this a lot, by the way, guys, also in crypto. This is for the ones that are trying to learn about TA. This is super important because, you know, when something comes down and it goes up, this is not healthy. What you need is it comes down, goes up, comes back to retest.

00:21:22
This as support confirmation that it's support and then it goes up, so that's that's the stage that we are in now, so uh very good, so let's see if we can break the indie first of all on the one hour so this is the first level to watch, it's at $0. 5070, so let's see if the bulls can push it up to this level 545 and the facility and then from there, if you can break through this one, uh, that will give some more because this is you know By the way, guys, don't think that the bulls are dead at Wall Street. The same bulls are still there. So don't underestimate this. These guys can push it up like crazy. They can push like 100, 200 points as if it's nothing.

00:22:04
And that's also when you see Bitcoin and crypto bouncing very hard. But let me tell you a little bit about the market. This is trading-wise. Let me show you guys a little bit about the market. i'm still a little bit worried about this because this is what is ruining my momentum my momentum is getting ruined by this chart where are you this chart this chart is really ruining my momentum this chart you know i just you know if if if this chart if the dxy Would be over here somewhere, you know, I would really deploy a lot of money into the markets and buy a lot I really mean a lot over here. We're still over here So this is if this thing goes up this will not help the markets to Bounce up and yes, we have been seeing past weeks months that these were likes to go up together with the markets But you know, I cannot rely on that one It's just like, you know, it was just like Friday.

00:23:15
Oh, Bitcoin is holding so strong. Yes, it's holding the 83K. Yes, oh, Bitcoin is so strong. Yes, yes. Markets go down and Bitcoin not. Yes, we're going to the moon. I told you guys it's just logic. Logic comes after. Now, when there are too many shorts open, Bitcoin can't dump. You need to flush out everything. And then you got the Sunday afternoons. And that wraps. And there we go. I really hope you guys are making so much money on those Sunday afternoons. I love them. The Dutch Sunday afternoon. So I really love them. So, yeah. So this is something that is scaring me. But, you know, it doesn't matter if it's going to scare me or not. I think it stays the same. When the buy orders get hit, I think that the 20% needs to get in.

00:24:06
I don't care. On the investment. And on the trading you can also start focusing on loss so this is just me because i have to respect this zone i have to respect it i cannot you know you know i put on the indie you put on the indie over here and especially if this thing gets rejected that's a sign that okay we might want to dump but as long as this is holding and especially if this thing breaks above over here you're probably going to make a lot of money on your buys. So that's what's got to happen. It's just so we have to respect, we have to respect what we're seeing in front of us. And, you know, I know that the news is very bearish, but the news can flip very fast.

00:24:54
You know, the first planes are landing in Washington. It's the biggest circus I've seen ever, you know, this whole Trump thing. Because let me tell you this. Let me tell you this. Okay. So let's think about something. I want to take you guys with me. Let's think about something. So we've got this chart. Yes, we've got this chart. So I made this analysis before Trump even talked about this. That's how I analyze this. So Trump. Because this is very weird. This was our target for the big short. So Trump, whatever it is that he did, he did it after. And after it, this analysis played out into perfection. So what does this mean? What does it mean? What if Trump didn't start the terror war? Would we be at these levels?

00:26:04
I think not. But I think that we would be over here somewhere. I think that whatever Trump is doing is he's only pushing the markets into. So it's like, you know, it's like someone is falling down, sliding down, and you give him a push that he slides faster. That's how I see it. I think that no matter what Trump would do, this thing would come down either way. That's what I think. Because this wasn't Trump. And this wasn't Trump also. Because now you got all these people protesting that Trump is destroying the markets. It's not Trump. They want to make you believe that it's Trump. But it's not Trump. This was calculated already. This was in the matrix. It was written already that this was going to happen.

00:27:02
No matter what Trump was going to do. Because people like to build stories around a chart. But it's the other way. It's the opposite. You have to build a chart around the stories. No, I'm saying it not like that. You don't build charts around the stories. You build stories around the charts. Yeah, that's how it is. That's just you know, I've seen this for decades for decades. I think for the past 10 years. I've seen this Okay, so enough about that so Basically the only two the only two that I'm I know because we've you know, one two three months this one one two months Okay Where's the third month? Selling organs So basically, guys, about me, 70%, I'm not 70% in, by the way.

00:28:09
I'm in with, I think it was at some point, it was 65%. I already decreased it to, I think it's around 40% now. I took some profits. There were some coins that bounced up very strong. The money was just too sweet for me to let it over there. But I think I'm in with, I think it's around 40% now. But let me tell you guys, I will take more profits. I will take more profits. I will take more profits. Why? Because I have to first see some power. If I'm going to see, just like I explained to you guys, if I'm going to see that this thing will close above the one hour and some momentum will find in, that's when I will start using my trading portfolio instead of my investment portfolio.

00:28:55
So that's when I'll start trading and a lot of loans will get opened. Yes. So this is now the real test and we're waiting for the marks to open, let's see maybe we're even gonna get a triple yeah I know you know maybe we're gonna get like you know up double triple and then go up it's on the car so you know I'm I'm you know I'm I have to remain bullish here I just can't get bearish over here you know I can try to be bearish yes I cannot. And this is just me, you know. You know, a lot of people, they always tell me, MW, you are such a bear. You shorted the crap out of all crypto, all altcoins. You just killed everything. I know.

00:29:42
When are you going to stop? Well, this is a moment when I'm going to stop putting the brakes on. Because shorting is now just too dangerous. I wouldn't dare to short anything from here. I'm only interested in buying spot. And in opening longs, that's the only thing that I'm interested in. Until I see some danger. And then I will tell you. But for now, it's, you know, I think that everyone should have been closing at least 70, 80, 90% of their shorts. Also, by the way, the short ETF, more than 90% is closed. Just like I told you. More than 90% is closed. Now it's hunting for the longs. Waiting for the right moment, get in, make the money. So basically what you're going to see now also on Twitter, you're going to see a lot of long P &Ls.

00:30:34
You're not going to see the short P &Ls. I was, you know, the team asked me, listen, MW, we have only been shorting past months. We want to start opening lots. I told them, yeah, what are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? So let me go to Bitcoin. It's time for Bitcoin. Oh, by the way, guys, this thing is awesome. Do you remember over here? If this thing will take off, what if this thing will take off over here? Well, it took off. So now this thing is getting, you know, this is giving the relief. But you see now. So this is also important for the one hour. Is it going to hold or not? So this will also show you a lot of direction. Dominance is very interesting to see. Dominance is, you know, let's see, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby, oh, baby, oh, baby, baby.

00:31:42
Dominance. Oh, dominance, dominance, dominance. So, basically, we've got this zone now and it's struggling to get above it. This zone over here, but you have to see it like this: if Bitcoin starts bouncing up very strong, it could push push through it. And while Bitcoin will go up some altcoins might start bleeding. So um let me just say this, guys, and you know I'm gonna stay to my to my to my to my analyze um if we're gonna break above this we're gonna get uh you know towards the 70, oh I will buy so many altcoins you cannot imagine especially if the financial market if the US 500 will still be down at current levels or even lower uh you could really see I'm going really full digit stuff uh the game will change we will be charting a lot of PTC pairs at that time and you know make so much money that happens it's really mind-blowing, you know.

00:32:54
You cannot imagine how I'm looking forward for this thing to go to the 67, 68, 69 oh just go baby just go, you know. So for now this is the zone that are eyeing over here for this resistance so altcoins could show some power over here if this thing comes down but if we're gonna break up oh this is so good this is so good so uh look at the BTC shorts by the way guys we're talking about them yesterday but they're not just I don't know last watching look at this. Oh, that's when they start opening and they're holding, they're not closing their shorts, I think they're anticipating the market to open these guys, these guys are you know whatever so they're, I think they're anticipating on a market open there, I think that they're hoping on on a drop.

00:33:46
So let's go to Bitcoin. Oh, really beautiful, you know? I really hope, you know what I'm going to do, guys? You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to hire someone. You know what I'm going to do? Let's keep it a secret. I'm going to do something great. But listen, guys, you see this? Are you seeing this? I've seen this. So if you ask me, MW, are you buying? Guys, if I will not buy here, when do you want me to buy? If, you know, if we didn't buy over here and we reach this level and you're not buying. So what are you even doing, crypto? You need to buy. Buy the blood. Buy the blood. I understand. I understand that, you know, it's just how people are.

00:35:08
When markets go up, they want to FOMO in. When markets bleed, they want to stay out. It's just how it works. But that's the wrong way. You have to do the opposite. When markets FOMO up, you have to get out. When markets start bleeding, you have to get in. And I know, in theory, it's very simple. But in real life, you know, I spoke to a buddy of mine. I sent him a message. Then he told me, yeah, well, I'm enjoying the dump, but I didn't buy anything, not a penny. Why? Yeah, well, I love your analyses, and I think that you are right, and I think that, you know, that markets are dumping, and I'm loving it while they're dumping. Okay, they're dumping, but you are 100% in cash, right?

00:36:00
Yes, I listen to you. I'm 100% in cash. Why didn't you buy? Why? Because if you would have bought in, you could now, as we speak, collect 20%, 30%, 15%, 50%, 40%. You could collect it now. Yeah, I know, but MW, when it came down, I thought maybe it would go down more. So what if it would go down more? You're educated. I'm educating you guys. What did I tell you? It's when we reach the levels, you start PCA buying in slowly and what do you do if it goes down more? You buy more, yeah! But you know, I thought it will go down more. Why did you think that it would go down more, yeah?

00:36:50
Well, because it was dumping, dumping, dumping, and uh, you know so this is people they think when when things dump they keep dumping, and they think when things pump they keep pumping. And I know that at least 50, 60, 70% of you guys that are in here with me, you recognize this feeling. You recognize these thoughts. I know that you guys do. When you see markets dumping, you think that they keep dumping. When you see them pumping, you think that they will keep pumping. And those are the exact two things that will get you wrecked. Over and over and over again. You have to stop thinking like that. When markets dump and we reach support levels, especially around $ 500 and because we've got now two two support levels on Bitcoin, and because now you know that bull crap and and you know that crap of Friday, uh, Bitcoin is not dumping bull crap, okay?

00:37:49
Now they're together again, so Bitcoin is that support and the market side support. Is this not enough for you to say, 'Okay, I'm gonna start buying'? So, for example, MW, what should we buy? And when I say I'm buying, you have to understand. So, we understand each other. When I say buying, it means that you are in cash. So, not if you're 90% in cash and then you think, 'Oh, I've got a few K left' and I, you know, no. If you're in cash, you have to start buying. Put in, even if you're afraid, just let's say you're afraid, so you just can't help yourself. You see red candles, so you think that we're going to zero. At least throw in 5% of your portfolio, 10% of your portfolio.

00:38:41
And even if you're scared, just go for Ethereum for, I don't know, big caps. You know, buy those. Throw in 5%. Don't care about it if it goes down more. You're going to buy more. You're now buying at support levels. You're not buying at FOMO level. Over here is what I was warning you when I called the exact top again, 109. It's fucking mind-blowing. I called the freaking top again. I did it with 69K and I did it with 109K also. Sometimes I'm really amazed by myself. But listen, guys. You have to put on your big, big boy's pants on or whatever they say this in English. But you have to start buying. This is important. You are prepared for this.

00:39:35
So if you are out of the markets from here and from here and here and here, you have to be very patient. You shorted the crap out of everything. You made a lot of money. At least you just use the only thing that you have to do, flip your short. Suppose that you made $5,000 on your shorts. Just lay the short from the Sunday afternoon. Use that $5,000, flip it into a long or just. buy spot whatever it is if you're afraid but you have to stop buying we are at support levels forget about that narrative oh well we are bearish no because this is the problem with retailers when they're bearish they remain bearish when they're bullish they remain bullish that's not how it works i know i know i know i know guys i know i know i know i know i know i know i know

00:40:24
guys what i'm showing you now you cannot read this in a book you can read a million books you will not find what i'm explaining you now in a book you cannot find this and you probably will not find this on x also that's why it's so important i'm not doing market updates over here i'm educating you guys i'm educating getting you guys technically i'm educating you guys uh i hate the word in english psych in your in your psycho whatever your psycho mind i'm trying to get into your psycho mind emotionally and i'm trying to show you that greed works two ways so okay enough about this i'm gonna talk about the mw along etf uh boom Is there something you want to say, Karen, no Karen doesn't want to say anything, no okay I thought maybe you had some idea, something you wanted to say.

00:41:26
No. You have nothing to say. Okay, well, okay. I'll keep talking like I'm always doing. I'll keep talking like I'm always doing. Okay, so let's go, let's go, guys. Let's go, let's go. So first of all, Tia didn't hit. Remarkable. We had a big dump, but we didn't hit. My zone was over here, so I don't care. I don't care. It didn't hit. So what? So flux. Oh, flux. Flux. Flux hit the 17 cents. You could only dream about this months ago. Or here you are. Because you had over here. You had over here flux. You had over here flux. Over here. Over here flux. Over here.

00:42:22
I want to buy flux. I want to buy flux. People buy flux over here. Did you know that? They buy flux. People buy flux over here. So why am I telling you? Why am I telling you guys? Listen. Just listen. Did you know that only flux, only flux. I'm going to just talk about flux. This was in 18th March. This was a year ago. This pump was nothing for flux. By the way, there's nothing this flux should have been going much higher and he did it So we hit this so, okay, no problem Just keep in mind. Just keep in mind that you know, I'm gonna show you just keep in mind this thing, This thing, keep in mind that this, Keep in mind that this thing,

00:43:19
but this thing from at 70 cents if it only goes back to this zone, that's your 10x, that's your 10x, I'm just saying that is your 10x, and I think that a lot of you guys would know, a 10x, would you know, this is a spot, by the way, guys, I'm not even talking about leverage. Then we go to Rune. Rune is, by the way, holding so strong on that $1, It's really mind-blowing. It's holding very strong. I don't know, maybe the team, they have something working on or there's some life coming into Rune. I can guess what crypto account will start shilling it like crazy because that's what they do. They first wreck you and then they give you the shoulder to cry on.

00:44:18
And then they will feed you the same greed that they did before they wrecked you, so that's Rune. Fala. Also a hit over here on Fala. Look at this. Fala. Look at this. So this was over here, 60 cents. Look over here. It's another 10x. It's another 10x. Look at this. When was this? This was just three, four months ago. This is another 10x. You know, it doesn't take much. You see this? Do you see this one? Do you see this candle? This was a candle in one week of 5, 6x. Do you think that, you know, when, you know, Twitter goes on AI, AI agents, whatever, Falla is working on something, whatever, you got this, you know, you got this FOMO crap. What you'll see is this. The next. Congrats.

00:45:25
It's how it works in crypto. This is crypto. This is our crypto. You just have to recognize the move. And why are you guys here with me? I will show you the moves. Salsa will show you the moves. We will show you when the power hits in. That's what we do. Valerie, it didn't hit my zone. Oh, I'm so sick of it mini mini mini mini, maybe it's still guys, I'm gonna buy over here below 18 cents, so didn't hit GMR, oh GMR, you know I got hit, so I started buying GMR over here. I'm probably in a small loss, I don't care, I don't care, you know, you have to see it like this if you've got a $10K portfolio. And you started buying G.

00:46:17
Lamar here with $50 or $70. Who cares? Just huddle it. If it goes down more, you buy another $50 or $70 or maybe even $100. Maybe if we get to the $0. 03, you bought in $200 or $250. I'm a $10K, I'm talking about a 10K portfolio. Just huddle it. Because why? Because this is no bullshit coin. Polka dot will ever find some momentum this thing will fly i know that it will fly and if it starts flying over here only here you made your 10x so your 250 bucks is two and a half k and thats how you just on one altcoin you made a growth of 25 only on one altcoin you invested 250 bucks you got two and a half k its your portfolio is up with 25 Its a lot of money.

00:47:15
25%. Im just saying. Cote. Cote, Cote, Cote. Cote also hit. No, I got a hit. I know that I bought Cote over here. I bought it over here. So Im probably in a little bit of gains as we speak now. Whatever. I dont care. If I see some, I can decrease the positions. Thats something I can do if I see any dangers in the markets and I see thats were going down. I can decrease my, so it means that I will take the profits and leave, like suppose that I bought in, let me just give you an example. I bought in a thousand bucks. What I could do if I see any dangers, like I'm in 30%, 40%, 50% profits. I take out, how much did I say that I was buying?

00:48:05
A thousand bucks? Let's say a thousand bucks. And this thing is at 30%, 40%. And I see some dangers. I might take out $500, 50% of the position. And I let the rest run. And if it comes down, I'm going to buy more. That's the GTC style. That's MW style. Let me go to this one, Giga. Giga didn't come back to this zone, so I didn't get filled. I didn't get filled because Giga, I will only buy if it comes back to these levels over here. You know, see this box. I saw someone from the retail firm is trading it. I saw P&L coming by, so congrats to you. But I didn't get filled on Giga because it didn't come back to my; we made sick money over here.

00:48:52
I don’t want to throw my money away, so I’m just waiting. Trump. Trump, I did get hit on a small bag over here. Seven bucks, just like, share over here. So, I've got a small bag and it's running whatever, and our favorite outcome didn't get hit; we didn't hit the blue zone, it's that simple. So, I'm just waiting for it to show a lot of power by the way, guys. I know we shorted the crap out of it, but you know this thing is showing a lot of power, so at some point this thing needs to come back in the blue zone. I will buy; I'll be buying again over here, I'm buying also.

00:49:29
I got filled on Ax, it's horrible; I don't care, I just hold on it; I'm probably in a small game but I don't care for now, profits are running uh, I've got a bag of this one, Swarm, Swarm, I don't have a bag because it didn't hit my zone; I need this thing to come over here, it needs to come to uh below 15 cents so no hit on this one. Virtual also did not get a hit over here by the way, guys. My Bison started from 38, I think, yeah, 38, 38 to 25. So, I didn't get hit on virtuals. Me, me, me, me, me; I did get a hit on Sui. So, I'm in the Sui army over here. Let's see how Sui is going to do.

00:50:18
Link, by the way, guys, this is just really linky. Look at Link, guys. Link at $10. Link at $10. Mama, mama, mama, mamma mia. Link at, you know, link at, you know, you guys remember how much noise was made over here? You know, foundation, Trump, whatever, wherever. Bye-bye. 30 bucks. We're now at 10 bucks. The last time we hit this zone was in November 24th. So, yeah. Linky. I got Phil, by the way. Uh and then we got near, yeah, also uh, I didn't get Phil on me, no, I don't have near, near is for me, uh, around 180. I think I have to check it; I don't think that I'm uh Phil on this one, VJ, yes sir, I'm Phil and GJ by the way, guys.

00:51:22
It's just one week ago, do you remember when I showed you all the buy zones? Shows you when I'm buying, you know a lot of people were calling me and you know texting me, 'You're never gonna hit we already dumped; no, we didn't dump, yeah, well, we hit 76k; we're not coming back. Yes, we're gonna come back; we're gonna make even more of those. Well, yes, so Vgen I've got a nice bag of Vgen; I've got a field of each and you know Vgen is i think one of those coins, you know. I'm not so interested in selling this coin; you know, I'm just gonna hold off. You know, I don't like to, you know why? Because the BTC pair is also looking so good.

00:52:03
So, I'm probably not going to take; you know, I'm going to just hold on my bag over here. I'm just going to hold on it. I want, you know, on VeChain, I want minimal double or triple on VeChain before I'm going to touch this thing. So VeChain, I just don't care. I just have a bag. If it goes up more, I'm going to buy it. I got a fill on this one, by the way, 15,00. Just like I told you. It dropped to 1400 and let me tell you I didn't get filled, I didn't have any buy orders on Ethereum, yes, yes guys, I'm just human, I know I'm just human so first of all I was not on the charts otherwise I would have bought more at these levels but my buy orders were basically at 1750 and I took profits also like shared and I put my other uh buy orders around $ 1500 so I got a field over here.

00:52:56
So I'll probably have to break even now. But I didn't get – I should have had it. I should have made it. But, you know, for me, this is support level. So if this thing dumps down, then, you know, then it's – I need to get it towards the $1,200 to the $1,000. But let me tell you this, guys, by the way, my biggest bag will be Ethereum. Hmm? What did you say, MW? Yes. My biggest bag will be Ethereum. It's just what it is, so uh, I don't like to go a lot of degenerate from here, so my biggest bag will be east. Um, why do we got more? Why let me explain you by the way, why oh 77k nice, so uh, let me show you guys why I would uh buy ease.

00:53:45
I need to show you this; this is why, guys, this is why. Let me zoom out a bit, so you guys can see it better. This is my guy's; see this, I've seen this, guys, I've seen this, this, this, this, and this. It will be very hard; it will be really, really, super hard for uh, for dominance to to keep rising up. I think that we are at the last breath of dominance. I don't think that dominance has got a lot more, and maybe dominance will make one spike up, and this thing make a spike down, but then I think the reversal is right. You know, I would be very; you know it's possible i'm not saying that it's not possible that we will reach this level over here, so we're going into these Levels over here, I'm not saying that it's not possible but I would be very surprised.

00:54:42
Gonna hit those and maybe if we're gonna hit, it's just a spike up and then down and then then up very fast so, but because because at these levels guys. You really should be focusing on altcoins and, so, focusing on BTC pairs just like a VJ autumn for example. That are super wrecked because I think that at some point they start flipping Bitcoin into altcoins. It's gonna happen, it's gonna happen; we have been patient, uh, we have been waiting so I think it's gonna happen, uh, let me show you guys some other things. For example, what is S? I want to see S, I want to see Tron also, um, where's S? Do I got S over here?

00:55:55
I want to see S and I want to see XRP; so I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to do S and I wanna see XRP; S. I'm not interested in Solana. If you might wonder, I just don't give a freak about Solana. S and X are B. Never was interested in Solana, only to show the crap out of it. So I want to see these two. So S, how is S? Oh, I think I've got a field on S. I think I've got a field on S. Yes, I have to be, you know. Oh, we already hit this zone. Look at these guys. I've got a hit on S. Yes. Oh, this was just one week ago. You remember when S was, I think, over here? I know.

00:56:55
People will never go to this buy zone. Well, we are in the buy zone now. So what? So now what? So what do you want to tell me? What, what, what? So what? What do you want? BMW will never go. S is going to the moon. Yeah, well, okay, you bought S at 50, 60, 70 cents. I'm buying S now at 40 cents, 39 cents. So I'm interested in S, very interested in S, and oh yeah, and T-Rex, T-Rex! Oh my god, guys! This is you know, you've got Om and you got T-Rex! This yeah, you just can't get these coins down, these are the strongest coins you know. I don't care what the narrative behind it is but Tron is the strongest altcoin in crypto as we speak and maybe BNB also, I don't know how BNB did, but just look at this.

00:57:56
Well, you know all the marks are going and look what Tron is telling you! Especially for high-volume traders, focus use the indie focus on Tron. You know, Tron is a big guy and Tron has got a lot of backup so it means when you go into a long using the indicator know that you always have someone having your back that's how you have to see it. So I really, I'm telling you for the ones uh especially when we're going to focus on logs the coming weeks months, we're going to focus on the bounces What we need to do is coins like Tron, you have to focus on them because when they show a little bit of power, and not only Tron, by the way All the TRX-related altcoins.

00:58:49
So when you see a Tron making a move up or showing some volume, some strength, and the indicator is validating everything, go in. Go in, do your thing, just like I educated you. Do your thing. You're gonna make a lot of money over and over and over again. It's gonna happen. So that's about that, and then XRP is karma, karma exactly come oh look beautiful, look at this, And boom, and then bouncing up. I don't have any exactly, by the way, guys. Maybe this is a very huge big buying option, you know. At some point, I have to make a choice and I cannot buy everything. Maybe I'll trade XRP also, by the way, for the high volume traders.

00:59:40
Uh, XRP is one of the best coins to trade on high uh high volume, so XRP is a very good one if you want to analyze it and you want to trade it, okay guys. Um, to be honest with you, I'm starting to get a little bit tired, so um, it has been a really hectic day. I hope that you guys we we talked about the long ETF, I updated you about everything markets now, it's the question how is market open gonna react to Always Oh there you go already, so you're already oh oh there we go already, so you know this indicator is really this indicator is really a big drama this freaking thing, so we're getting but this is just fear for market open what you're seeing now guys.

01:00:27
This is really fearful market open, salsa opened up the mic so I think you want to say something, yeah market opened was a minute ago, oh this market open, okay, so this is the market open guys, that's what we're seeing now, so this is the fear of market open, so uh let's see what's gonna happen, yeah, because now it's you know now it's the real game is on, this will expose all the scams, so for now the only thing that I can say is this is the support, let's see if it's gonna hold, uh or they wanna wanna dump it, you know at this point I have to remain, uh bullish on this level if you're gonna lose this level, okay then it's arrived at you and it's just you know I have to start deploying my money more and more and more, so but let's see if they're gonna break it.

01:01:14
Let me put on my alarms by the way. But this is now we're now in no man's land, so now it's just looking uh are they bullish are they bearish? By the way, guys, I think that most of the downside was also created by China and Japan-they have been dumping very hard. By the way, uh, in the morning uh at night so they dumped pretty pretty hard. So let's see what's gonna happen. But uh, for now I'm although now it's showing a little bit of red. Let's see if this thing is gonna hold yes or no if it's gonna hold. Uh, I expect a bounce up a little bit of a relief. rally um so Keep eyes on this one, guys. It's all about this one. Forget about what you're reading on Twitter.

01:01:57
Forget about everyone they're saying. For now, it's all about this one. This is the chart to watch and nothing else. Watch this chart. This chart will show you. So, thank you all for watching. Okay, Salso is back again. She wants to say something, I think. There's also news today. I think 11 . 30, there's a closed-door meeting of the Fed. Yes, I already reacted to that one on Twitter. I don't give a fuck what the Fed is going to do. What the fuck is the Fed going to do? What do they want to do? Because you have to see it like this. If they are going to out of the sudden cut rates, that will feed inflation. And inflation is on the rise again. So what are they going to do?

01:02:45
Their policy has always been, okay, we will act accordingly. Okay, what does 'act accordingly' mean? Well, we dumped... okay, let's see... okay, we've got some rich people in the world, oh no! My internet stops working, well you know when I talk about the Fed this happens. So what do they want to do? So we, we, dumped uh 20 oh well, you know those those multi-bubble bubble billionaires... uh, lost 20 of their money. They didn't even lose 20% of money because they are in huge gains anyway. So what they lost is they lost gains. They didn't lose money because these freaks have been. And so is that a reason for the Fed to react? No. The only way when the Fed needs to react is when banks get into danger.

01:03:35
Then, okay. But the Fed cannot start cutting rates out of the sudden. Because why? Because that, you know. We already have a problem with inflation now while tariff war is going on. So what do you think will happen if the Fed will also start cutting rates? That will feed inflation even more, although we are already on a rise. So, you know, all this Fed crap, you know, I just don't buy it. For now, I'm just trusting my analysts. We need to hold the 4,800. If we cannot hold it, that will change everything. As long as we're going to hold it, we're going to hold it now for, you know. A period of time and then we're gonna see if the market's gonna react dark, but let me tell you this-this is really effect on the macro, to be honest.

01:04:22
If you know, we're gonna look at history; we're gonna look at history. This dump huge dumps like this we had over here one, this was in the Corona crash; we had this big dump down and then we had this one, this was like 20-22 where the Fed were raising-raising right so you know I'm gonna be super honest with you guys. I'm not feeling the blood yet, sounds weird what I'm saying but I don't feel it yet because you know I know what blood tastes like; I'm not tasting it. I know very well what blood tastes like, guys. Trust me. You know, I'm not tasting the blood, but for now all I can say is I have to respect the support line over here.

01:05:13
So for now, this is for me the moment to start deploying money in, just like I've been saying for weeks. And you know if the markets go down, so be it. I'm going to add to my positions; DCA in. But this is not the time for me to go hide and be afraid for whatever it is that they're throwing at us. No, this is for me the time that I go out and I start taking my big bag of money on my back, and I start buying. That's what I'm starting to do now, although I'm not tasting the blood. But, you know, you have to see it like this. Although I'm deploying maybe 20%, I really hope that it dumps down.

01:05:53
I really hope that this thing dumps down to the, you know, this is a dream for me, guys. You cannot imagine this. This should be your dream also. Imagine if we would just come down to the 30th. Find some support over here and go up. Just skip this one and just come down. I'm going to be super honest with you. That would be a dream for me. And it should be a dream for a lot of you guys. Because that will open up the gates to, instead of the 10Xs, to the 20Xs. Then we're going to talk 20Xs. We're not going to talk 10Xs anymore. Then we're going to start about 20Xs. Now it's 20. Now it's 10Xs. Over here, it's 20Xs that we're going to talk about. Yes, I love you all. Thanks for watching and thanks Karen for making me talk like seven or eight minutes more while I'm tired. So thank you so much for that. I love you all for joining me to fam have a nice one and for the ones who want to join. By the way, I've been responding to mostly all the M's uh DM your UID Globin and ButtonX links are below. Have a nice one and bye.
*** Live Stream 04-09-2025 Crypto Ready to Pump *** 

00:00:02
Welcome, welcome, welcome! And we'll catch up again. Trading crypto, welcome, retail firm, welcome! Welcome, welcome, welcome into another live stream, it's gonna be a nice one. Talk a little bit about markets, about sentiment, about bitcoin, about altcoins, about the mindset of retailers in crypto, what to do, what not to do. Are we going up? Are we going down? Is MW gonna make his next macro-macro uh macro-macro-macro-analyze so let me first of all get my chart on because I'm seeing that you guys have a blank... there you go, there you go, there you go, there you go. You know, sometimes, you know, I need to do these live streams, need to Show some more but you know I'm gonna leave that for the for the open uh short market updates and and the live streams will be on the charts because you know you just have you got to trust me on this one you know I understand that for the eye you know people that like to watch these crypto shows you know

00:01:22
seeing a lot of stuff and going through them. It's for entertainment. It's nice. But if you're subscribed to this channel, the only thing I need to show you is the charts. That's how you're going to make money. That's how you get educated. That's how you know what to do. So all the other crap, you don't need that. But it is what it is. It is what it is. So we're going to talk today about a lot of things. Salsa isn't with us today; I think she's traveling, so it's all on me. So good morning, good morning! Gonna get some music running and then we're gonna yeah, we're gonna do what we always do-make the best analysts in the markets. Boom boom!

00:03:19
Thank you, thank you, thank you. We're going to start, we're going to start off, we're going to start off. Thank you for the music, Mr. DJ Tahar Pro. So, what do I got over here? Very quickly, we got This Is Bob, Samar Rashid. So, yeah, someone is there. You're not the first one, Samar Rashid. This Is Bob was before you. So, we got Leon over there, Munchoff. We got Reza, we got Pedro. We got whatever letters those are. Good morning, bro. Let me show you guys. Translate this, please. Maybe this guy is just, you know, he's cursing on us and we cannot read it. Supak, we got Alpiman is in the house. We got G, good morning. Yes, yes, yes.

00:04:04
We got Ziggy, Frank, Willems, we got KPNs, we got Deathbrick, we got Tenzi, Walid is in the house, Alcoco is in the house. El Floriano is also in the house. We've got Randy. We've got Obluda. Frodo. We've got 4Jerry. Chris Lee. We've got Anthony. We've got Abra Cadennial. We've got Christian. Brian Jacobs. EFR. What a Dutch army in here. Rose. Also Dutch army. Peter. We've got Ant. We've got Jabba Dabba. We got Sveon Kourbous, we got Kir, we got Cash, we got Rob McCourt, let's see, Al Pink, and we got Richard. Okay, okay, nice, nice. I think that the rest are either working or Ali Khabar is coming in. Ali Khabar, welcome, Ali Khabar. Oh, Ali Khabar is in the gym. Ah, Ali Khabar is in the gym.

00:05:01
Very good, very good, very good. So welcome, welcome all. Uh, I don't know, maybe this is a good time for you guys on a stream, you know? I'm trying guys because you know I noticed yesterday, you know I'm an early bird and I was early here but you know most of my community, they're sleeping when I'm, you know, when I'm awake so I'm really pushing trying to do my streams around this time, you know. I think this is the best time for people; they woke up and they're, you know, but you got a feeling, you're feeling So guys, I told you already on Twitter, I'm trying to connect to that. I need to see what's going on. I need to understand it. I need to see. I'm not seeing it yet.

00:05:52
So as long as I don't see it, I'm just not seeing it. It's just what it is. I'm not seeing it yet. When I see it, I will share it. I will tell you guys when I'm seeing it. But for now, we just have to trust on the support levels. We have to trust in the indicator. So, you know, you have to see it like this, guys. You know, I prepare myself for trades. I prepare myself for shorts. By the way, for the ones that noticed yesterday, the Bera trade, the 2000 P&L that I announced, just like I did on Anna, just like I did on another coin. I don't know which one it was. But, you know.

00:06:31
All those predictions that I make and you know I you know when I say I promise I also say I never break a promise, you have to understand that for someone to do something like this openly, that's sick, guys, that's really sick, that's really mind-blowing because you know there is uh two guys, two guys, and one one guy from the team, you know when I make these promises they you know because they believe in me so much they go in and they go in heavy and you know these guys make life-changing money on these trades but you have to be really strong, you have to really truly believe in me to you know to to do that but it's basically only one trade changes their lives financially forever because you're talking about almost, that's the one that I saw. Almost a six-figure, almost. It wasn't a six-figure, but almost. And, you know, it's sick. And, you know, I never break a promise. And, you know, I haven't been wrong so far. So, you know, the challenge is this. This is the challenge. You have to catch me being wrong. It's a challenge, you know.

00:07:58
I'm trying, I'm trying to connect the dots, I'm trying so I'm not seeing it yet, so I need a little bit more time to connect the dots but until then we have to just respect the the rules and the rules are we follow the indicator and we respect the support side, so first of all let me tell you that this chart, this DXY, you know, this is the one that is that is that is that is That is, you know, this is the struggle in my connecting the dots, this chart. Because there's a lot going on in the world. And, you know, some are saying, well, Trump is trying to weaken the dollar so he can make it stronger after. And, you know, there's a lot of economic crap going on in the world.

00:08:45
And, you know, they're also releasing a lot of news. But let me tell you this, guys, just when news, economic news comes out. You know, I don't read news like most people when I see it, there's always a story behind it, and you know it's those stories that I'm also trying to connect with each other so where are they leading us to? When are they going to strike retailers again because this is how I see financial markets-I see them like this: so you've got this rich elite and then let me do this because you know while I'm talking a lot of times I'm I'm I'm moving my hands but you guys can't see my hands, you guys cannot see my hands but so let me try to put my hands over here so you guys can see how I see it.

00:09:37
You know, you've got the rich elite and then you got the retailers over here so this is how I see finance-you want to get a little bit into my mind And how I see it is very simple. So you got the news, the media. So you got the media over here, that's over here above us, and then over here and over here, retailers, and the rich. So let me remove this one so you can see better. Hop up! You're gone. And let me remove this one. So over here we got the rich elite. So this is the rich elite. and this is the yeah there's also retailers people that's to the top of people so what happens is is that these guys they rule this group and this group does exactly uh so they send us the information that this group wants us to receive so they don't they don't they don't

00:10:42
give us the the they don't give us the information they use this source to give us the information so whatever this rich rich elite is sending the media to transfer the info the sentiment into us it's you have to see they always have a plan these guys and their plan is to destroy this group financially that's how it works and you know let me tell you that in uh crypto it's the same So in the crypto, the wheels over here, this is the media. Who is the media? These are the influencers that you all know. So every famous crypto content account that you know, that's your media and crypto. It's the same. It's the same story. But, you know, the Bloombergs and the CNNs and the NBCCs and the Watcher, you know, this Watcher that I post, Kobashilev, et cetera.

00:11:37
This is just how it works. This is reality. This is how it works. So, what I do is I try to break the code over here while they're sending this information, because the information that they are sending to us, there is always a plan behind it. So what I'm always doing, I'm trying to figure out the plan. So why are they, you know, this is why I'm telling you a lot of times, I don't see things like you guys see them. Because, for example, when I see, like, breaking news, this, that, whatever, Michael Saylor just bought one on Bill, or we're going to this, or Powell's going to do that. You guys see, okay, you read the news, and then you get that into your mind, and then that's what you're thinking, what you read, because you trust the news.

00:12:26
And by the way, guys, this is not only in the economic world. It's in everything. It's in everything. It's just how it works. I'm always looking for, okay, why are they sending this now? And why the timing of this now? And what's the reason behind it? Let me give you guys a very, very easy example. So let's just go like three months back. So we got Trump coming in, Trump, and then you see all those, you know, oh, crypto is going to be the capital of the world, and this, and America, and this, and then you got this. You got this Trump Foundation buying coins like Anna. So you have to see like they're buying Anna. And I'm saying I'm going to short Anna to 2,000%.

00:13:17
By the way, 2,000 is a lot. I'm going to explain this, by the way. It's 70% down. To say something like that, you have to really have guts and balls to say this openly. Because just imagine someone saying: 'that he's going to short something on a spot back that the spot price will go around 70% down.' Well, Trump Foundation is buying the coin. You have to really own big balls to do that. But forget about that. So let me get back to the story. So Trump, you know, the news was capital this, that. The normal people in the world, this is how they read it. Oh, bullish. Oh, this finally. Okay, it's going to happen. MW, okay, I'm going to open up my short ETF.

00:14:06
I'm going to short the crap out of Bitcoin, Solana. I don't care. Even ETH, we shorted ETH to crazy. The biggest, biggest, biggest altcoins in the world. The most solid ones, most strong ones. You have to understand that without connecting the dots, so forget about the dots on the charts and the TA. You have to understand this story. I'm explaining you this story. This is an example of it. So what they did over here was the super rich, they gave the signals to the media. Okay, this is what we're going to share. And then those that shared it, okay, then they put it to the people. And that's how they wrecked them. That's how they wrecked them. And they will, just for you guys to understand, this will happen a lot.

00:14:55
It has always been like this. People are just not seeing this. They don't understand this. And you know how this works. Let me tell you how this works. I'm going to explain something else. So this is also very important. I'm going to explain that. So let me remove all this. So let me give you guys something else. Let me give you guys something else. Because this is the psychology of trading, investing, crypto, whatever. So this is super, super, super important. You have to see it like this. So suppose that I have a very, very big, big bag of Bitcoin. I've got a super, super big bag of Bitcoin. So, okay. Suppose that I'm the holder of Bitcoin. So I've got, you know, I've got like, let's say I've got like 50% of Bitcoin.

00:15:48
So I'm holding 50%, all the Bitcoin available in the world. And suppose that, you know, I want to sell it. I want to sell. I want to flip it into fiat. I cannot just sell it because if I would sell it, I would dump the price. The price will dump so hard. So it will probably go to zero. It will hurt me also because I cannot sell like 20% or 30% of my Bitcoin while I'm holding 50%. It's impossible. I will dump the price so deep. It's impossible. So what happens is I'm already planned to sell it, but I cannot sell it out of my own. I need some narratives. I need some narratives to dump it. So what I'm doing is I'm just waiting, waiting, waiting.

00:16:31
For example, the U. S. markets will go down or maybe Trump saying something bearish or maybe the Deeks. It doesn't matter. Anything. So when I see that these things happen, that's the moment when I start dumping my bags. I'm already planning on dumping them. I can dump them any moment I want. But I will not. Because why? Because if Bitcoin, if I dump it down, there needs to be an explanation why Bitcoin went down. And the explanation for going down is US 500, DXY, Trump, something, whatever news out there. So this is the media. And sometimes I have to, what I have to do, sometimes I hire the media to put some fun in so I can.

00:17:23
Dump these bags because I have to dump them, but I cannot dump them out of here because if this would not be over there and I would dump Bitcoin then the whole world will not believe in Bitcoin anymore because Bitcoin is just dumped with the 30-40-50. I will never ever do that so you have to understand this is how it works, this is what you know, this is how everything works, and then you got also the leverage, leverage part but that's another story, that's what you know, that's more on the low time frame movements but on a big picture this is how it works. Because let me give you guys a very very good, very good uh example, how I keep nailing a lot of stuff.

00:18:10
Let me show you, let me show, I'm going to give you a very very good example so let me show you this one for example, so we had this this support zone, you know I calculated this support zone already a month ago, remember I already calculated this, so you have to see it like this, so over here I already told you okay this is possibly the dump zone, okay the dump zone that's number one and I told you also this is already the support zone, so it's what you know, someone That is telling you over here this is the this is the this is the resistance zone and he's telling you also already from

00:18:51
over here he's already telling you about this zone that this is a support zone and when you see exactly how it comes down over here it starts ramping up into the indicator back and now it's trying to ramp up again that's crazy guys that's really crazy if you can calculate this like a month ago already but let me tell you this so remember this chart If we would go to Bitcoin, look at Bitcoin. Look at Bitcoin. So this is our zone. We didn't touch the line exactly, but we are very close. So we missed it by, what is it? What is this? We missed it by 1K or 2K. But it's the same story because already over here, over here, we were already, a month ago, I was already expecting this line to hit this zone over here, this over here.

00:19:44
I was already anticipating on this. I was already preparing myself, okay, if this one goes over here, reaches this box, Bitcoin will probably hit this box also. You see how you calculate these things? And this is also, by the way, guys, because this is also, if you want to take it even a step further, you want to go to the altcoins, a lot of times people, oh, altcoins. showing us some buy zones will never hit. Almost they all hit. Now, how do you do that? Because I'm seeing the bigger picture. I'm seeing what's going on. You have to understand, I'm seeing it, I'm connecting it. And for sure, I can miss 5% or 10% of the points. But 90% I will have hit them. This is how you become financially independent.

00:20:40
This is how you plan things and do them before they even happen. You should show yourself in streams with a mask. Why? Why? Why? Why? I'm doing good like this. You know, I've got very ugly hands. I don't want to show my hands. I've got ugly hands. No, seriously, guys. For now, this is also why I kept telling you again and again and again, we have to remain bullish. We have to remain bullish. So, you know, for sure we had this four-hour, like I teach you for the traders on the lower timeframes. For the traders on the lower timeframes, this is just Alpiman textbook, you know. Alpiman, he reads a lot, he analyzes a lot, and he doesn't trade. No, because he's got some testosterone problems.

00:21:38
But listen, guys, this, see this, this is over here we bought in. Over here we take profits. And over here is the support zone again. And I understand that this thing could dive down. But, you know, if you just trade the indicator, this was also your buying again. And this is how you navigate through these markets. That's how, what I keep telling you, use the indicator. If he like bought in over, you know, there was one guy, he texted me, I bought in 230K. He told me over here, I took profits of 300K. Listen, bro, this is 70K that he made on a market where everyone is getting wrecked. And the only thing he's doing, he's respecting the support zone and he's respecting the indicator. It's that simple.

00:22:29
You just have to put it in. You just have to do it. And I think he's in. I don't know what he's doing now, but I think he's in profit zero again. But let's now go to what's going to happen next. Because that's what we need to know now. What's going to happen next? So where are we going from here? And that's something very, you know, China, Japan, there's a lot going on in the world, guys. So let me tell you a little bit about, you know, that post about, about, about. Trump yesterday about, we're going to build iPhones. What? What the crap was that? White House says we can build iPhones. What does he even mean by that? Is there anyone who even thought about it? What is he doing?

00:23:21
We can build our own iPhones. You know, whatever. This guy, what he's doing, let me go to Apple. This is after he said that. Did you guys know, by the way, because I think most of you guys don't know this. Did you guys know that Buffett, one of his biggest positions was Apple and he almost liquidated it all? Do you think there is a coincidence here, do you think there is some connection over here? I don't know; I'm just saying. Because Apple dropped, by the way, guys just keep in mind that I think that's my opinion: I think that you have to be if Apple dumps more, I think that Apple is a very good investment for the long term. Let's just say that.

00:24:26
So, if Apple were any mean, if Apple comes back, let's just say Apple comes back to the 123 zones over here. So if we're going to get some capitalization or whatever, I think that Apple is a good scoop. It's just a long-term investment. I think that Apple is a good scoop because I'm not seeing any company coming close to what Apple, whatever Apple is doing. So this is all. accumulation zone for me on apple over here dca entry and if it goes down i would buy more and more and more and more and more so okay we're not here for stocks so i'm not going to talk about more of a stock but this would be an entry but so let me now the question is are we going to hold this level yes or no are we going to hold this level yes let me use this one are we going to hold this level yes

00:25:22
In my opinion, even if we're going to break down, we need some kind of power from the bulls over here. Because, you know, there was one guy asked me, do you really think that your box is going to hold? Trump is really pushing over here and that and it. Listen, it's very simple. If they want to break this level, there needs to be really, really, really some big powers, some big bears to break this level. It has to be really that, you know, things would have to go really, really, really sickly down before this thing might dump down. Because you have to understand that the bulls really will step in and will try to protect this thing. So even if I would think that this thing will dump down, I think it will not go down without a fight.

00:26:09
And this is also why I keep telling you, keep focusing on those loans. Keep focusing on those loans. Take profits on the way. Keep focusing on those loans so for now something um because I'm connecting the dots and you know I'm seeing some kind of direction but uh you know I need to be you know I need to be confident enough I'm not confident enough about about releasing what I'm thinking for now so for now it's really about about about just training the MW indicator and let's see if this level is gonna hold yes or no um. Also, we have to see what Asia is doing. Because Asia is also a little bit of trouble in Japan also. So we have to keep in mind. But it's something else also very important.

00:26:56
Yesterday, it was about Trump and that Apple thing that he did. And, you know, while I was reading that, I thought to myself, is Trump really pushing to break this level? I think he is. Because I'm not seeing that Trump is satisfied with this dump yet. I don't think so. I think that Trump wants this to get to these levels, 3,400. That's what I think. I think that Trump is really pushing over here. I think that Trump, you know, by the way, guys, I know that the whole world thinks that this market crash or this market correction is based on the tariffs. I don't believe that. I think that the tariffs is the media part that I explained you at the beginning of the video. That's just that media part.

00:27:55
That's all. I think this was, you know, by the way, guys, when I gave you these targets of down, the tariffs didn't even start. There were no tariffs over there. So for me, this market correction is just, you know. For the people to read it and to have an explanation why we're dumping but in my opinion there is a big plan over you know. I was thinking to myself yesterday, you remember when Trump became president? And then we had his i think Barron is his name, his son. He whispered something in the ears of Biden, a lot of people had you know whatever it was that he said. They, you know, in my opinion, when he told them we're going to crush the markets-that's what I think that he told him.

00:28:39
The bubble that you have been blowing all these years, you and your, whatever it is, your sponsors behind the scenes, were going to question the markets. I think that's what Barron told them. I think that's what Barron told them. But, you know, you have to keep in mind, guys, I know this goes a little bit deep what I'm going to say now, but, you know, basically, Trump is my hero. Because Trump is fighting. The ones that nobody can fight, he's fighting the elites that have been blowing this bubble for years and decades, so he's fighting them now, he's fighting them and fighting them, fighting them. So in my opinion, he's on this one; he's he's my hero; he's really my hero at this moment because he's fighting these you know, because these guys are my enemies, you know, because this bubble is is what You know, you have to see it like this.

00:29:36
I know that, you know, I'm going to lose a lot of you guys in what I'm going to say now. But, you know, I'm going to say it anyway. These guys that are pushing these prices up, these are the rich elite keeping the middle class and the low class people poor. That's what they do. As long as they keep bubbling, bubbling, bubbling over here, they stay rich and the mid class and the low class stay poor. The people stay poor. So these are my enemies. But if you dump this very good down, and these guys that have been wrecking us for years and wrecking us, but they took the money on their own. So they're becoming rich on a daily basis. Well, a lot of people have to work hard.

00:30:24
You have to see the teachers, the garbage man, the store manager, whatever. These guys are working very hard to make like, I don't know, 100 bucks, 200 bucks, $ 200 bucks a day. These guys are just, you know, at some island drinking champagne and a lot of martinis and making millions a day. I know that a lot of you guys have no clue what I'm talking about. But, you know, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. But for now, for now. This is holding we have to respect it just like I told you in my previous stream, so let's let's now. I think we talked uh enough about financial markets, now and I know that probably maybe 50-60-70 if I just said uh doesn't make any sense to anyone, so let's just go talk crypto.

00:31:14
Let's go talk crypto, so crypto uh basically what we're heading is over here it's just like the markets, boom-boom and you know uh, I think that sailor has been doing his thing but you know, sailor or no sailor it doesn't matter. Sailor or no sailor, um this is support level I would really really really love to see this thing coming coming down to 67k, I would really really love to see it over here so if we're gonna jump into and let me tell you um what what you will see now is you'll see bigger moves down, smaller moves up, bigger moves down almost up but it's at some point this is the one that I'm eyeing at some point this this one this one will get exhausted and start dumping down and that's what happens next.

00:32:11
Is it? Although we're coming down just a small move up would make altcoins uh make big runs so That's what I'm preparing for. I'm preparing, guys. You have to see now, even if we would dump now to the 67, I don't care even if we would dump to 55. The focus is on the loss now. The focus is on the loss. You have to catch them. You have to catch every dip. You have to catch every dump. You have to really catch them. The power now will be up. So that's what I'm preparing for. I've got a big bag of cash. And, you know, I already made nice money on the previous dump and the retest took some nice profits there. But you have to keep in mind that, you know, I'm very, very, very interested in deploying money.

00:33:07
And when I'm telling you money, I'm really telling you solid money. So strong money. So, you know, at some point I could be with 50, 60, 70 percent in. Not over here now. Because I already took profits on the 4-hour, but you have to see if this thing comes down into this box over here, I could get in with 50%. I could get in with 50%. You have to keep this in mind. And, you know, it will be zero Bitcoin. I will not buy any Bitcoin. It will be ETH. We're going to talk about ETH in a moment. So it will be ETH. It will be a lot of coins. So over here, and, you know. Over here is where I'm really willing to take the risk.

00:33:50
And even if you would dump down, actually, I hope that it goes down. You know, I don't care at these points. You know, I don't care. I just deploy my money and I just hold all the positions and just add to them. Because that's also something that I love. You know, you have peace of mind. Okay. You know, I bought in 20%. Okay. Well, come down more because I still have got cash, okay? It comes down, okay, another 10, another 10, another 10, and at some point, I'm in with 50 60 70, $80, and then just you know I'm gonna chill, enjoy my life. I bought all bottoms and I'm just gonna enjoy my life, waiting to cash out, that's also. Or do you guys want me to tell you?

00:34:38
Okay, guys, I'm going to open up a loan here, and I promise you that I'm going to make it 2,000% on this one. I think that, you know, actually, I think that the long ETF, by the way, the long ETF is now in 56% profit. And by the way, 56%, a lot of people, and the long ETF is 56%, but that's nothing. No, guys, 56% of the whole portfolio. So you have to see it like this: $ 100K is now $156K. You know, I just need a little bit more and I doubled my portfolio while I was still at the bottom. It's sick, I know. But, you know, that's just what I do. So for now, I'm really comfortable.

00:35:22
I want, you know, at this point, for me, it's now really focusing on filling my bank. So if Trump wants to push over here, push Trump, break the system, break it, even if it would come down to the 3,400. I'll be deploying. This is now, you know, this is this over here. This is over here, deploying as a professional. If we're going to come down, this is for me now, deploying money. Deploying money, but you have to know where to deploy it and how to deploy it and how to sell the balances and how to secure profits and how to make sure that you own enough money to buy more and more and more. So this is a new strategy. That's why I told you also on Twitter, I will teach you now how to be bulls.

00:36:02
I will teach you. Or to low markets. I'll teach it to you. I'll tell you. Just follow me on Twitter and on my live streams. I will take you with me every time. Okay, it's time for this. We're going to talk about those outcomes in a moment, by the way, guys. But this is super, super important. So, for now, this dump is only 20%. This is nothing, by the way, guys. We could dump another 20% over here like nothing. If we're going to lose the box over here, only to this bottom is 28%. You know, guys. I think that this is your golden opportunity. I think that this is how you can change your life.

00:36:38
And it might take a while because you shouldn't expect, okay, we're going to dump down over here and then, oh, boom, they were all the time high again. It's possible because the bulls of Wall Street, nobody, you know, these guys can do whatever it is that they do. They're the biggest bulls in the world, but you have to understand that it might also take a while, you know, it might take a while, and then maybe another dump down, but at some point, it's just what markets do, at some point, you're going up again, so this might be over here your biggest, biggest, biggest chance to change your life financially ever, ever, ever, ever.

00:37:30
I think most of you guys have no clue what I'm saying here like yeah, well who gives a, but let me tell you this: if this line will get broken, this could capitulate very fast. So this level over here the 4K and then we got 3,400, this was the previous uh previous low in '22, all of that in my opinion, we should we really should hit this level I really we really should hit this level between now and two months max, we need to hit those levels. In my opinion, we should really hit those levels. But again, even though I think on the market that we should hit those levels, I need to connect the dots when it will happen. But if it's going to happen, look at this.

00:38:25
You're going to see something like this. Oh. Another box, you know, and I think that if, if we will, uh, if we will just let's say, if we get a crash, if we will hit these levels, I think that this is the bottom. I think that this is the bottom. I think that we, I think that we, if we go lower than this, then you know, then you know, that will be... you know, it's possible, but I think that if you will hit 4k, 3004, I think that this is the you know, let me just say this, let me say it this way: I would go all in on stocks, for example, my portfolio for stock, the stock portfolio.

00:39:10
I would really go all in, and even if it goes lower, I just close the damn thing; I will not look at it until I'm in profits. But this is why when I'm really willing to go all in, you should never go all in. By the way, always keep a little bit of cash on the side, like 10, 20... but I'm just giving you, like, that you guys understand me so if by any means this thing would come down here, I would really be willing to to go all in over here and just, you know, risk it. So um, but for now, for now, this is just, you know, for now. We have to focus on this support line, so this might take a while, and we don't know we don't know because Trump, whatever it is that he's doing, but we're holding the line over here.

00:39:52
So, but Let me tell you In this process, if it would go down, in this process, I will not be interested in a lot of shorts. You know, I've got my shorts running. They're still running, by the way, even that we hit this one. From short ETFs, they're still running. Let me tell you, Bitcoin is still running. Bearers are still running. There are a lot of coins still running in shorts. So it's not that I don't own any shorts anymore. But over here, if it would come down. This is really the moment where you have to be focusing on roles. This is when, you know, you have to see it like this. I know, I know. I'm going to show you how sick I am.

00:40:32
I'm going to show you how sick I am, and then we're going to go to the altcoins. Look, what time is it, by the way? Oh, I don't got a lot of time anymore. So suppose the price is... going down at some point; um, at some point, I'm gonna be more interested in these moves over here; I'm gonna be supporting these moves over here, so even if this thing goes up again, I'll be interested; so I'll be focusing on these moves. And there are times, like you saw me past months, I was focused on these moves; you see, these ones, I was focused on these moves. But at some point now, I'll be focusing on these moves. And these moves are up. A lot of people don't understand.

00:41:29
But MW, but the price came down again. Yes, but sir, you have to understand that I'm making a lot of money on loans. Why am I making that money on loans? Because the loans or push prices will give you the most benefits. And, you know, it goes a little bit deep to explain to you guys how that works. Maybe I'll do that in another bit. But let me go and do some analysis on the altcoins because we're running late now. Sometimes I forget about myself and, you know, I keep showing you guys a lot of crazy, sick stuff. And I'm not even cursing. I'm not even swearing. So let me show you something ETH, guys. By the way, guys, keep in mind, I'm super bullish on ETH. I'm really, really super bullish on ETH.

00:42:22
So keep in mind that I will be buying a lot of ETH. Now, that's just me. That's M. Willkill. You know, when everyone would tell you, 'listen, for whatever reason, ETH is dead, ETH did whatever', I don't give a crap. You know, I believe what I'm seeing on the charts, you know. That's my thing, you know. Guys, ETH over here, I'll be buying a really huge bag of ETH. Now, hold on. I'll hold ETH over here. So if ETH dives below the $1,000, I'll be buying myself a lot of ETH. And I know that you guys are all seeing that ETH is getting sold and dormant, whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever. There are bars selling ETH. You sell ETH. I don't care. You know, they're using the media.

00:43:09
Show them we sold ETH. Congrats. So ETH is going to zero. Yeah, whatever. Guys, if ETH comes in the direction of $1,000, I'm going to buy myself a lot. And I'm going to trade a lot of ETH. Also, I suggest that the high volume traders start preparing yourself for ETH. It's going to be ETH. So ETH, I don't care what they say. I don't care what they say about it. I'm going to buy a lot of ETH. And I'm going to explain to you why I'm going to buy a lot of ETH. We went below this high. Oh, this is good, by the way, guys. So ETH, come ETH back to the $1,000. And I will definitely buy myself a big bag of ETH. So let me show you.

00:43:49
Let me show it. This is the logic here. But let me show you this, guys. You know, if you're going to ask me, but MW, why are you interested in buying a lot of ETH? I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. It's not like I'm buying ETH because. because i just felt like it or maybe someone paid me to tell you that there was a cockroach yesterday he tm'd me on telegram he told me listen mw i you know i saw a trust pilot i saw some some some some crazy stuff about one of your partners i told him yes okay well on frost pilot there is stuff about everything in

00:44:28
the world you've got the you got you got you got the good comments you got the bad comments and it's a media war that they're fighting between them and you know a lot of it is a lot of crap and then you talk but how can you be so sure i'm gonna tell you i'm gonna be so sure because i've got like thousands of people that are in my community that that are trading there or doing business there or whatever. And nobody, zero, zero, had any complaints, had any problems, had whatever. That's how I know for sure that it's good. And if I see only one or two that have something, I will say something about it. No, but MW, you know what you've got to do, cockroach? You're going to get clicked.

00:45:11
But let me explain why I'm so interested in ETH. And we remove all of this. We remove the indicator so we got a clear chart. Let me put it on a monthly. Look at this, guys. And then you can tell me about the fundamentals. Yeah, but ETH will never go up again. And ETH is dying. And ETH is slow. And ETH is expensive. ETH is this. I don't care what you say. ETH remains the number one altcoin in the world. Let me just say this. Any whale or big investor, if he wants to invest in crypto, he's going to buy ETH. What do you think he's going to buy? Do you think he's going to buy Giga? Do you think he's going to buy Fartcoin? Do you think he's going to buy Cody or are you going to buy VeChain? No, he's going to buy ETH. The real big, I'm talking about the big money in the world. Money that you cannot count. all your life so they're gonna buy it so i'm do you know how i see if i'm gonna tell you how i see i see it as a stable coin if i'm gonna buy it if i'm gonna buy it at these levels

00:46:49
I'm so proud of you guys that you guys are here with me. And I really, really, really, really, really, really hope, you know, I already made about the sickest predictions, trades, analyzes, I think available on internet. I don't, you know, let me just say this. If any of you guys know someone that does only 25% of what I do, please send, DM me, please. I'm begging you, DM me. If someone makes really good analyses and, you know, his predictions come out and his analyzes work out and, you know, you're making money, please DM me his name. If it's only he doesn't even have to be the half of me, only 25%. Because a lot of times I get some names from my real feminists and this guy, this guy, and then I'm going to check them out and then I see that it's a lot of crap.

00:47:41
Because again, how you guys see things is not how I see them. I see, you know, I've got other glasses on my nose. So, guys, ETH, and I know this is ETH against Bitcoin, but ETH against Bitcoin, guys, look where we're going. So, what if, just what if, what if people start flipping their Bitcoin into ETH at this point? Can you even imagine? Because you have to see it like this, guys. This is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11. Just over here, guys, look at this. This is only from 1st of November. Are you seeing this? This is 81% down. ETH is 81% down against Bitcoin. What do you think will happen?

00:48:36
Because, you know, the whales don't care about those memes and those gifs about, you know, Vitalik that is getting gray and you're going to get rich on ETH in 50 years or whatever. That's for retailers. That's entertainment. That's the media selling you that, sharing it. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ah, ha, ha. Oh, so funny. Big money isn't out there to make jokes. Big money is focused on how to make money. So if the big money will see over here that this. is a double you see boom boom boom boom they're gonna flip their bitcoin what do you think will happen when we get like if it's only two months or three months or four months you see this you see how much gains you can make it's only to here this is a two and a half x guys only to this level only here.

00:49:41
So, again, let me go back to ETH USDT. Where are you? Where is it? Oh, here it is. So I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of ETH on the first. I'm going to start DCA buying it. And, you know, ETH, this is investment portfolio. I'm just going to, you know, everything below the $1 ,200, $1 ,100, $1 ,000, $200, $800, I'm just going to buy it. And I'm going to forget about it. I'm going to put it on a cold wallet. I'm going to leave it there. And you just go, you have to see it like this, guys. You have to see it like this, guys. Do you remember when we are over here? ETH was a 4K or maybe even over here, almost 5K.

00:50:22
Do you remember when you, oh yeah, did you know that ETH was just over here? Just over here or over here. Do you remember when ETH was just at a thousand bucks? Do you remember when ETH, this was the FTX, I think, when it came to 800 bucks? Look now, we should have bought it. Oh, we've made such a big mistake. Oh, I'm regretting it so much that I didn't buy it. It's easy talk. It's easy talk over here to say that. I should have bought it over here, or I should have bought it over here, or I even should have bought it. It's easy talk. You have to show the guts. When the time is there. So while you are whining and crying about not buying at 800 bucks, well, we're almost there.

00:51:09
We just need a lot of 40%, 50%. Yes. No. What is this? Maybe 60, 70%. Let's just say 50%. This is 40%. You're just 40% away from it now. So when a dump happens, so. The crying that you were doing over here when it was over here and crying, oh, I should have bought myself some Ethereum. You can buy it now. You can buy it. Okay, so let me go to the coins because I'm running out of time, guys. And, you know, I wish that I had more time because, you know, these are one of those streams, you know, when I, you know. If today it's not about the

00:51:57
market update it's not about that today it's it's it's it's just to get into your minds you know I wanna I wanna make winners out of you because you have to see it like this when I was telling listen I'm gonna show it better to death at that point you know people even they know that okay you he's probably gonna do with this crazy crazy of me but you know You just don't have the guts to do it. You know, I own the guts, but you don't own those guts, those balls. Okay, let's go. Boom, let's do it. No. But, you know, it's all about, you need to have the guts to do this. You need to own the guts to, you know, okay, boom. Okay, now it's enough is enough.

00:52:45
Okay, so financial markets have been retraced. We hoped if they go down more, okay, now it's just time to start scaling in. And not waiting until this thing bounces up again and then you're already too late. And when it's too late, then you think, oh, I'm not going to. Let me tell you how retailers think in their minds. So suppose that, let's just say, because I'm not talking, telling you I'm going to buy in. And when I tell you I'm going to buy, I'm going to buy. You know, I don't fuck around. If I tell you I'm going to buy, I'm going to buy. I don't give a fuck. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. A lot of retailers, when this thing comes down, they're afraid.

00:53:24
But it's normal because you guys, with all respect, you guys are amateurs. So amateurs, retailers, people-when things come down, they're just afraid. They get feared. They get feared. It's just they're scared. They don't even DCA in. They don't buy at all because so scared. Oh, no, I'm not going to buy a falling knife. Oh, no, I'm not going to catch a falling knife. Listen to this falling knife crap. That's what they're selling you. That's what the media wants to tell you. Remember, the media-they create this. So while I start DCA buying over here, these are really so they don't buy out of fear. And then this thing starts bouncing up and then just like that. And then, oh, I should have bought.

00:54:06
And then even if they missed it and this thing would come down, they don't even buy here. Why? Because their mind is telling them no. We're either going to buy in over here or never going to buy it again. So we're going to leave it go. And what do super wheels do? They make higher lows. So they don't let it come down over here because it's in a bullish trend and they're going to hold it up. And that's when the only thing that you're doing, you're out of the markets. You didn't buy here and you refused to buy here and you refused to buy here. And you're just waiting it out, hoping someday that this thing will come back down here. But in the meantime, it just did this.

00:54:44
This is how retailers think. I know how you guys think. I spent a lifetime trying to understand how superpowers, wheels, how they destroy retailers. And to understand how they destroy retailers, I have to understand how retailers think. And by the way, I'm also a retailer. But I'm also in the minds of the super wheels because I have to also understand how they are trying to make sure that we stay poor. It's that simple. Okay, guys, I really have to move on now. So let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me go. Let's go. So VeChain, guys, VeChain, boom, boom. VeChain is in the zone. VeChain hit the zone. I'm, you know, it might sound crazy when I'm saying I'm still bullish on VeChain. I love VeChain.

00:55:39
I will buy VeChain. And I don't give a crap what anyone else says. I buy VeChain because why? VeChain never disappoints me. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain never disappoints me. It's that simple. I'm going to buy VeChain again and again and again. And why am I buying VeChain? Because I'm still anticipating that the Chinese market at some point will open up their crypto markets. And I know that VeChain will be their market leader. Because fundamentally, it's the best that they own over there. So I'm super bullish on VeChain. So let me go to Nir. Nir, I have to be honest that I missed a little bit of track about what Nir is doing. And, you know, I really have no clue.

00:56:23
I've got my buy orders over here that didn't get hit yet. So, but, you know, it's on my long ETF. And, you know, I don't even know why it's on my long ETF. TA-wise, it's looking super good. But I don't know if there is still some life in this Nir or whatever it is that they're doing. A link, link is, you have to see it like this, guys. I've got like five coins, those are really my market leaders in my portfolio, that's ETH, that's uh V Chain, that's Chain Link, um Tron, uh Trading wise because Tron did a dump yet, and there was one more, I'll get back to the one more, um Oh but oh Suey, that's Suey by the way, Suey is so Suey also so, but Suey needs to dump more, I want Suey over here around one dollar,

00:57:08
I really you know I need this thing to dump down if Sue will dump down to a one box, I'll buy myself really a big bag so um Virtuals let's see Virtual, Virtuals not hit this zone yet so uh good for Virtual, Swarms is is dying it's dying it didn't hit my zone also so over here um so we got A i XBT it's in the zone so uh The DCA will probably start oh this one. By the way, guys, are you aware? You know, you know, you know, you know, I'm no fundamental guy. You've got like banter, you've got like Alcondelio, you've got like, you know, this Elio, you've got, these guys are the fundamental guys. But we came to a point that I'm also outperforming the fundamental guys.

00:57:59
And this is, you know, over here you lose me. So if, you know, that I'm, you know, that I'm better. That I'm good in my TA predictions and macro analyze, okay, that's one point, but you know I always tell you I suck in fundamentals, it's not my thing, but we came to a point that I'm also outperforming all the fundamental guys in crypto because I'm about the only one that is telling you part coin is the retail firm; this thing you have to keep an eye on-this game and every freaking time what we're seeing is is that fart coin is outperforming all other altcoins, so GTC is about the only conclusion that I have

00:58:39
now is that GTC is the best uh crypto uh accounts available in the world because you now got; and then nailing of all the trades and all the prediction and all the macro analysis all day; and now we also are nailing the fundamental part and you have to also keep in mind that uh I'm, I'm getting some fundamental people in and I'm also training some people and They're gonna join the GTC so keep really an eye on GTC Insider by the way. So it's all going to happen there because my account, you know, I do my thing. A lot of people, they love me for who I am and what I do. And I keep them just updated all day long about what's going on on my account.

00:59:16
And you've got the business account, GDC Insider. That's where you'll get really that boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, fundamental things, market updates, daily things, market, crypto news, et cetera. So follow GDC Insider if you're not following by the way. So let me go to the next one. Trumpy, I'll buy myself some Trumpy. Just keep in mind that I will buy Trump. Listen, guys, to what I'm saying. I'm going to buy Trump. So if this thing comes, you know, oh, if this thing, I don't care, by the way. I'm just going to say it as it is. I'm going to buy Trump. If this thing goes lower over here and loses this one, everything below the $7, $5, I'm just going to buy Trump.

00:59:56
I'm going to buy Trump, and I'm going to buy Trump, and I'm going to buy a decent bag of Trump. This bag will make me a lot of money. And they go, I'm done with this. I'm going to buy Trump. You know, I cannot tell you what you should buy. That's your own thing. I'm no financial advisor. You guys are here because you're interested in what I will be doing. So, I'm going to buy Trump. Was it clear? I'm going to repeat myself. I'm going to buy Trump. Okay. So, Trump, if this thing comes anything near the five bucks, I'll start buying Trump. And I'm just going to hold it, and I know that I'm going to make sick money on it. I just know it. I know it.

01:00:38
So, I'm going to buy Trump. So, Trump, if Trump dives down on this below the support that I just showed you, I'm going to buy some Trump. It's just that simple. I'm going to buy Trump. And, you know, if this thing comes down to $5, fine, I'm going to buy it. If this thing goes down to $3, I will average in and make sure that my average will be around $4. And I'm going to buy myself only a nice bag. And if this thing even wants to go even lower, I don't care. I'm going to buy more. So for me, everything around the five bucks on Trump is for me a long-term investment, at least as long as he's alive and president of the United States.

01:01:15
After that, if he's not, I'm out. So Giga, Giga, you guys know me. Giga, I'm just waiting for this thing to hit again. Giga, by the way, didn't make this slow, but, you know, I'm in no rush. I'm waiting for you, Giga. I'll wait for you. I'll wait. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Cody is reaching this level over here. You know, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody. It's just a DCA. So if this thing comes down towards the 35 cents or whatever, you know, at this point, just like I explained to you in the US 500, for me now, it's just building my portfolio. You know, you have to see it like this, guys.

01:01:54
You know, I got a 100% bag of cash and I've got also, a big bag of casual shorts running. I need to buy something. I need to buy something. Well, Cody will be one of them. So if this thing dumps down everything below until the 35 cents, I'll stop buying some Cody. I'll just DCA in and buy some Cody. Jirama, also same story in this blue box. I'll start DCA buying it slowly. Van Rie, Van Rie, Van Rie, Van Rie. So I didn't reach my level yet, but, you know, everything below the 80 cents, I'll buy some Van Rie Fala. Also buying everything below the six, seven. I'm going to buy Rune. Rune, everything below the one box is a buy for me. And there's a little small bag, by the way, guys.

01:02:37
Rune will be a small bag. Flux, by the way, will be a decent bag, by the way, guys. I'm going to buy myself a really decent bag of Fluxy. So I just don't care. I'm going to buy everything below over here. So, yeah, I already have a bag, by the way. I'm in profits now, but I'm not interested in taking profits for this one. I don't care. You know, Flux is not a coin for me that I want to trade. I just want to hold all these things. I just want to hold it and, you know, sell it at a 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 X. I don't care. So Flux is 16 cents, 15 cents, 15 cents, 15, where are you? 15 cents.

01:03:19
So Fluxy over here, you know, I just buy myself some Flux, you know, forget about it. Let's forget about it. We got RRC. RRC still didn't hit my zone, so RRC. By the way, guys, you have to understand that if I am really interested in ETH, and I think that ETH will reverse, you have to keep in mind that the ETH coins will also make even bigger gains. But I'll make a vid about that one. I'll make a vid about that one. So we got TIA. TIA over here. Okay, well, whatever, whatever, whatever. I think, okay, this is about that. I want to show you guys something. I need to close it up, but I want to show you guys something else. So I want to show you guys. Oh, by the way, guys, this layer crap thing. I cannot say too much about it, but this layer crap thing. This is look at this. I've seen this. This is really massive. So these are.

01:04:29
What can I say about this coin? Because I need to say something about it. I want to say something about it. GTC team, please let me say something about it. Let me say something about it; can I say something about this layer thing? Let me just say this: you have to be patient with layer, but your patience will be rewarded. Use the indie trade the Indian on there. So, I wanted to show you guys better by the way. There's nothing over here. Bye-bye love, bye-bye happiness; hello loneliness! Look at this, look at this! This is the love of my life. So much red, red, red. I know most of you guys over here because, you know, I shortened it over here. Made a lot of money over here. And, like, updated you, did it again over here. So, this is really the love of my life. I shortened it over here, by the way. Over here, I shorted it over here. Yes, took some profit over here. Went in again over here, and then over here it took profits again. And then over here was, you know, I shared them, all of them, all these trades, I shared them openly on Twitter.

01:06:08
People became rich from this. Bera, Bera is the love of my life. Bera, I love you, Bera. We'll start the forcing very soon and I'll make sure that you don't get a dime for me, period. Look, there's no sport, only guys. This is just, you know, it's I told you already in the previous vid. I told you Bera will be the same like like this crap. You know, I remember that's the day of today when that you know. There was someone in the chat was on YouTube and still open. So there were a lot of cockroaches coming in. And then over here, she told me, 'Shut up, shut up.' Eigen is the best project in the world. They've got this. And then she started telling me some fundamental crap out there that she read somewhere, probably at Altcoin.

01:07:03
de, showing her on Cointelegraph what coins are going to be the future. And then she came into my life. 'Shut up, shut up.' Eigen is going to the moon. 'Shut up,' MW. 'Shut up.' 'What are you talking about that Eigen is going to dump?' 'What are you talking about?' Eigen is going to dump. 'Shut up.' Just shut your mouth. I yesterday watched Altcoin. de. He has got 1. 3 million subscribers. And he told me on Cointelegraph that it's going to be the new future. By the way, I don't know if it's Altcoin. de. I'm just guessing something. So full disclosure, I'm not saying that Altcoin. de said this, but it's an example. What happened? Guys, I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.

01:07:59
And, you know, I'm seeing that Salsa is also in the house. He joined us. So I love you all. I really hope that you learn something from this. People, they have no clue. They really have no clue. MW. Why should we subscribe to your live stream? What's in it for us guys? I'm giving you gold; I'm not only giving you my market updates, I'm giving you what I think, what I will do, and most of all, I'm trying to train you. I'm trying to get into your minds. I'm giving you the real picture. I'm giving you the key to success. I'm showing you how to be successful in whatever it is that you're doing, and how you, I hope that you guys at some point will see things like I see them. Don't be those weak sheep that are just following the herd and doing whatever it is that they're, you know, their lonely lives, and they will. Die, miserable? Don't be one of those guys. Open up your eyes, be happy, enjoy your life, be the winner, go against the system, make the gains just like the wheels are doing. Have a nice one, thank you for watching.
*** Live Stream 04-11-2025 Crypto is bouncing strong ! What altcoins are Shining *** 

00:00:02
welcome welcome welcome mwm welcome again trading crypto gtc welcome retail fam into uh another live stream here it's gonna be a big one again just like always gonna talk about a lot of market uh financial markets a little bit of forex a little bit of bitcoin a little bit of pexi a little bit of uh altcoins just like you're seeing over here there's a layer ponzi whatever this is uh you know so yeah it's gonna be a great one today we're gonna talk a little bit about this one that i tweeted about yesterday and guys just look at this are you seeing this look at this look at this you know i understand that a lot of people uh you know At some point, you know just take things like oh well, whatever, you don't, you don't recognize it anymore, but you know it's really, really, really for the ones that are really deep into trading and analyzing financial markets.

00:00:57
It's really mind-blowing how someone calls the top over here and calls the bottom over here and tells the temporary bottom at least, but then calls you okay this is now the time, you know you cannot imagine how many people have been calling me have been contacting me and I'm talking about really wealthy people in the world. They've been calling me around 48 million. Should we start buying? Should we start loaning? They're like, yes, yes. I told you over here that you should do it. I told you over here that you should loan over here. So it's not, don't listen to me now. Over here, this was weeks ago. I told you, okay, over here, you can short or just get out. And over here, you have to buy in.

00:01:42
It's just that simple. And then. You know, they get scared. And these are guys, you have to see it like this. These wealthy people, they hire whatever scientists out there. They pay them like, you know, 100K a month. They've got people that, you know, they do analyses for them, whatever. And then these guys, you know, and then at some point, you know, they just pick up the phone, call MW. And then, you know, don't ask me. yesterday or the day before what should you do over here i already told you this weeks ago so don't ask me now i told you already look at this this is a massive bounce but we're gonna talk

00:02:23
about everything in a moment we're gonna talk about everything in a moment so welcome welcome orito fam so i'm a bit early today so i think that most of you guys are probably sleeping but it is what it is so what do i got i've yes so what do i got over here i've got i've got i've got Salman Rashid is the first one. Yes, you definitely are. Good morning, retail fam. So what do we got? We got Pedro. We got Abra Cadenio. Abra Cadenio, by the way, can you please DM me on Telegram, on my Telegram? Can you DM me on my Telegram? Just tell me, hi, I am Abra Cadenio. Because I was looking for you to add you to the free private group, but I couldn't find you.

00:03:05
So please DM me. We got Space Martin. We've got Mark. We've got Daniel. Oh, so happy to be. What is this? Daniel. Let's read it together. Morning, peeps. So happy to be back. Had to take a few weeks off to chat with the folks on some issues. Well, I hope you figured them out. You know, it's normal. We all have this in our lives. Missed a lot of fun back now. Okay, well, Craig, my dog. Oh, my dog is in the house. Helena, good morning. Helena is also in the house. El Floriano is in the house. Good morning, bro. Biggie, we got Carlo Alpiman. Alpiman, good morning, traders. Yeah, you are no trader, Alpiman. You are in no position to call people traders. Only traders can, you know, say good morning to other traders.

00:03:54
You just say hello. What is the early start today? I know it's early, Alpiman. It's early, early. Leroy McCoy, we got Aston, we got Estes, Bob, we got straight. A profit one lead, what if are we got John Doe, snowy stay syrup, gasmatic uh we got Zvon, we got Silva Selmo Bluda. How the duck is in the house good and dark Ethan Hausen okay well okay 11 p. m here and w that's great 11 p. m, 11 p. m oh 11 p. m is in the evening Nicholas okay okay. So, Jeremy Albertas, we got Rachuk, something like that. And then we got Johnny Bravo, Johnny Bravo. And then we got Rodan. Okay, let's start. Let's start. Thank you all for joining in. No music today. No music.

00:04:50
You know, I don't have a lot of time. No music. Sorry, guys. No music. This was what I was doing while most of you guys were sleeping. I was, you know, it's, you know, okay, okay. So what is the next step? So I was, first of all, what I was eyeing, so I tweeted about this already. You know, this bounce, just keep in mind, you know, I get it. I get it. So this was the bounce. This was the bounce. The bounce to the top was, okay, 10%, 12%. Guys. I understand, you know, when you watch this Kobayashi letter, when you watch all these tweets on X, oh, a market crash, oh, Trump destroyed all the markets. You know, market crash, market crash. This is the level that we're hitting now.

00:05:43
So look where we are, if we would zoom out. Let me take you like this, so you can see better. Okay, let me do another chart. Okay. Let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me. I cannot remove this one, but let me zoom out a bit on the three months. Look where we are. We're just here. This is where we are. So just let's say from 2020, from the Corona crash over here, look where we are. You see where we are? If you would read and believe the crap that they are showing you on Twitter and on the news or whatever, you would think that we were over here somewhere or maybe even over here. Because we have to – I'm just saying, to just get back to the Corona Crush levels, this is just five years ago. Just five years ago. We still need to dump 60%. 60%. So all that news that you've been seeing out there, we dumped 30%. 30% from the top. And, you know, if you read the news, it's like, you know, it's like we went back to the Stone Age.

00:07:24
That's what I'm telling you guys. Don't be fooled. Please don't be fooled by these people. Don't be fooled. Listen, it's not as if I'm bearish. Because why? If I would be bearish, I wouldn't tell you, like I told you in the previous streams, I wouldn't tell you focus on loans. I wouldn't tell you, okay, we hit support. I wouldn't tell you. You have to keep in mind that there is a difference between seeing. Calculating a macro analyze and preparing yourself for the big dangers in trading and investing; there is a big difference in trading trading the lower time frames because nothing goes you know this thing didn't go up in one line, you see we get up down up down, and maybe we'll even go up more, it's possible I'm not ruling that out, but this is just doing your macro analysis.

00:08:19
But for now, On a short time frame, you have to make money. You know, GTC, we make money every day again and again and again and again. And I'm going to show you guys; I'm going to show you guys some altcoins that have been outperforming that I've been sharing with you and I've been preparing you for. Like, listen, guys, these are the altcoins you should trade. These are the altcoins you should buy. These are the altcoins you should, you know. And, you know, I'm always saying they really should make a Netflix documentary about me. Because it really is mind-blowing that I'm not a fundamental expert. I just ain't. And then, you know, I called in December, January. I told you guys about, for example, let me just give you an example.

00:09:08
I told you, listen, guys, Fartcoin is the new PopCat of 2025. And Fartcoin has been outperforming every single, at least the top 100, every single top 100 article out there. And I already told you this in December. It's crazy, guys. You know, I do it on my own. I do it on my own. I'm just alone. I don't own like 30 people working for me or 50, 100. I don't get them. So it's so sick. But let me get back. So basically what I was eyeing in the morning is this. This is what I was eyeing. So we got this dump of 36%. We got this dump was 28%. We got this dump 21%. Are you seeing something? Are you seeing something?

00:10:05
You could go into the mathematics and then you say, okay, this was a difference of 12. And this was a difference of six, so the next move will probably be three. You got me, this is if you want to go into the math, so okay, I do that a lot of time by the way it's just you know I'm crazy, I'm someone always thinking in numbers, you know trying to find structure or whatever, so but let's not talk about that, that's not so important but so there is there is something, or so why I'm showing you this is because just to show you guys that we didn't dump that much. And especially with this, this bounce is huge. Look at this bounce. This bounce is huge, guys.

00:10:59
This is, you know, Trump on the news, you know, by the way, guys. You know, these terrorists and this and that or whatever. It's just noise, in my opinion. You say whatever it is that you want to say. For sure, on the short time frame, it has some impact when that news comes out. But on a bigger picture, whatever. Whatever. It's just whatever. It really does nothing. So, for now, as you guys can see, we made this double. Also, I'll explain to you guys about this double. Boom. Confirmation of support, and then off so now we're coming down a bit and now it's flipping around, but now is the question how deep are we going? So you could see something, you could do something like this, you know, okay we've got this trendline, okay over here, so the next target will probably be around 56,000.

00:11:58
You could do something like that you could also uh take the 50 of this uh 50 of this one uh that could also give you an indication, so if this is uh 21 then around 11 over here, so let's say that this was the half, this is also something that technical analysts, uh, a lot of times use the the the the half of the box, so you see it also over here, so this comes also beautiful together with this one and uh we have more, yes we've got this one, uh, we got this one, so this could also be um maybe want to go to the triple and you know it's all possible but you know it's also why I was preparing you guys, you have to focus on the longs, you have to focus on the longs, you have to focus on the longs as long as we are in this box and above it traveling, you have to focus on the longs because I'm teaching.

00:12:56
you guys how to trade the safe way and where you can get the most you know the most gains the most powerful gains and we're going to talk about those outcomes in a moment because i'm not going to talk too much about this uh let me go to the next one uh this was a one that i was eyeing today and you know i'm putting uh you know i'm trying to connect some dots and putting some some stuff uh you know i'm trying to find the next big move because i want you know this is what i do i try to calculate the next crash that's most of the times what i do is

00:13:30
i always connect try to see when are they going to dump or going to dump very hard so i always try to Be ahead of them so uh, this takes time I told you already, this takes time, so I'm you know while I'm working on it trying to connect the dots, I share some charts with you and let me show you this because this is very important. I shared it already on Twitter. Why is it so important? Because you have to see it like this. So when this downtrend, this downtrend, this is exactly when the markets pumped, when they made a good rise. So Bitcoin and the US market started. So this time, this time, because we came from a local top, local top, this time we didn't.

00:14:22
We didn't, because this time the markets dumped together with the DXY. So they dumped together, so maybe even more interesting is is to find out what happened with the markets on this move up and what happened on the markets when this thing moved up, you know maybe that's even more important than these boxes over here, so what happened so let me tell you over here probably the markets dumped very hard. What is this? From July 21 to October. July 21 to October. Let's see what happened. July 21. Where is July 21? July 21. Over here. July 21 to October. You see this? We had a little bit of bounce over here. But this was the retrace, I think. We came down. We dumped. What is it? We dumped by. You see this?

00:15:21
We dumped by 26%. A 26% dump on this rise. So the problem now is because the DXY went, because we have a bounce now. This is a strong bounce, by the way. So we had this bounce. So we could be, let's say, maybe we could be maybe in a couple of days, we could be back at these levels close to all-time high again. It's possible because we're still bullish. The momentum is bullish for now. But you have to keep in mind that this monster. He's not at top levels. Are you seeing this? So, for sure, we could dump down to here. But, you know, if I would know Trump a little bit as I know him, Trump will, you know, a lot of people are saying, oh, Trump wants to make the dollar weak because that way he can this and that.

00:16:13
F**k that s**it. You know, every time I keep telling myself, okay. don't swear just don't swear and every time I fall in and I swear again, ah you know, I need I need to get myself a box over here and for donation every time when I swear, I put in 100 every time I swear. I think I think I have to do that so let me get back to the chart. So, The fear now is, what if this is going to hold? Because you have to understand me, when MW starts doubting, starts, you know, I'm not doubting the short-term. I'm doubting the long-term. I'm doubting the long-term. And why am I doubting the long term? Because of this chart. Because normally, we should be over here.

00:17:29
Just like we had over here. We should be over here. And we should be over, let's just say something, we should be on a rise. It doesn't matter if it's this rise or it is this rise or this rise. It doesn't matter. We should be at these levels because these levels, when the DXR starts dumping, it will push the markets up. You'll get a lot of momentum. We're not there. Look where we are. Are you seeing where we are? This is where we are. And there is an explanation for this, by the way. The yen, you know. I'm going to save that for another stream. There is an explanation why the DXY is dumping. You know, let's just say that Japan is playing a super, super big role in whatever is happening.

00:18:20
Not the tariffs. Don't give a crap about tariffs. Japan is very important to me. Japan is one of the most. But I've been telling you that for a year now. Japan, you just don't see it. But Japan has got such a big impact on the world economy and on the U. S. economy. You cannot imagine that. So for now, this over here, what we're seeing over here, what if we're going to hold support over here and we're going to rise up again? In my opinion, that will create blood; and my opinion, that will then we go back, testing the box, we're going to test it very strongly. We might lose it, but this is the only so if this thing starts finding momentum, going sideways and going up again, uh, yeah, that will not be good.

00:19:15
Let's just say that that will not be good in my opinion. Maybe the markets could hold, but I don't believe that; I just don't believe that the markets will hold. I think that the markets will bleed. So for me, at this stage, it's, you know, guys, it's very simple. So these are the three boxes over here. Boom, boom, boom. We hit this one. We came down. We're bouncing. Let's see how long we can stay bouncing, how long until the next drop. Because I don't think that we are just going to fly up. Well, let's just say I'm going to be very surprised. Although. We're focusing on loans and making money on loans, you know. At some point, you have to take a break, by the way.

00:19:53
Not at some point, you have to always when you're trading-you have to keep taking profits on these loans, keep taking profits on the loans back again, back again. It's very simple to indicate. We're going to talk about it in a moment, so this is basically what I'm eyeing now and uh for me now, these days, all my eyes are on this chart. You guys don't remember-I know that you guys don't remember You guys don't remember when I was telling you over here that I'm going to flip a lot of money into yen. A lot of my stable goes into the yen. You guys will probably also forget that I took a lot of profits over here. I know that you guys forgot about that. And you guys will probably also forget that I bought back in very heavy over here. And now we're reaching over here. So this is basically, listen, guys, if this thing goes even close to this red zone and we're going to the ultimate final, in my opinion, final bottom. This is when, you know, this is if we got it. Guys, this is just my analysis-I know I'm a sick trader. This is just how I see it. This is how I see it.

00:21:16
Sky's the limit. And it might, maybe not work out because we might even ramp up from here, from these levels. But if we won't, and if we will come back, maybe even make another higher low, but this would be a valid triple, I think that this will happen. I think that we're going to move over here. That's what I think. You know, who cares about what I think? I'm just saying. I'm just saying. This would be a master trade for me. This is the same trade, just like I took over here. I know that you guys probably don't remember this also. You probably don't. The ones that have been with me for some years, they know this. This is the trade I took over here. Have you seen this one?

00:22:03
I've shared it also on Twitter, by the way, guys. You can check it out on my Twitter post. I never remove a Twitter post. Have you seen this triple over here? Have you seen this one? See this one; this is what I share that is the truth of the trade I took-one, two, three... yeah, so it's the same over here. I can make the same chart like this one when I zoom out, but it's the same over here: one, two... I need number three; I need number three. I might not get it, but I need number three. Number three comes-that's when I will, you know, I will do my thing and I will make sick money. Okay, enough, enough, guys. You know, enough.

00:22:55
By the way, guys, for you to understand is when this thing comes up, this is bad for the USD. So when it's bad for the USD, it means it's good for the markets. So that's what I also tweeted about. You have to be cheering Japan. Because Japan, for you as a crypto bank or a stockholder or whatever, Japan is good for you. Because Japan is the biggest enemy at this point of the US dollar for now. And for sure, we've got this one also. This one plays even a bigger role. But look, we are at the red zone. And when we are at the red zone, is this something to be bullish about? I don't think so. So keep this also in mind.

00:23:37
At some point, if the euro starts flipping again, and if you guys would focus on what I was showing you, it's the same like the yen. Are you seeing this? Look. It's the same like the yen. And keep in mind that Europe is now starting to say, okay, we're going to buy very expensive gas from America. Americans are really, you know, these Americans are really gangsters. You know. They first go and tell Europe, okay, you have to make trouble with Russia. Just make trouble with Russia. Just make trouble with them. But why? Because we are saying so. Just make trouble with them. Okay. Don't buy gas or buy oil from them. Just don't. But why? Don't. Just don't. And then America comes back. You know what? We will buy that gas from other sources, the same gas that you were buying very cheap. And now you have to buy them from us. And if you don't buy them from us, we're going to punish you.

00:24:51
Europe told them, okay. So you first bullied us to not buy gas from very cheap? No. So now you're buying that same gas from that same person and, you know.

00:25:13
You're buying the same guys you're selling it for us for double triple okay good for you, you're America well gangsters you know America real gangsters they're real gangsters let's work on some one two it's the same as the end okay enough about this guy I'm going into crypto, crypto, crypto it's all crypto now so so first of all let me talk about this later before I go to bitcoin later by the way guys this uh um I announced it today. This is my new investment. Investment? What are you talking about? Yes, this is my new investment. You know, I just like to **** around with those companies. That's just right. And, you know, it's time to start doing it again. We did it with auction. Now it's time to do it with Relayer.

00:25:59
So, Mr. Koreans, we're going to dance. We're going to play. So MW is playing with you now. You got my attention. You got my full attention now. So, the odds are a little bit with them because of the market sentiment and because of the bounce. But I don't care. Even though that I told you to focus on longs, this is my new challenge. And, you know, I need a challenge, you know, to get things done. Otherwise, it's too boring. So, okay. So push it. Push it! Korea, I know that you're watching by the way. I know that there are two Koreans watching undercover. I know that you watch my streams so I want it over here. Three bucks, $3.

00:26:49
I want these levels over here and don’t be afraid I’m already in so if you think that you can fool me and just dump it down from here don’t I’m already in But I want you to push it over here because I need you over here. Because why? This will create a more, you know, the P &L looks much better. You know, the P &L and the gains will be much bigger. So just push it over here. Push it. But don’t think that you can fool me because I’m already in. So no need to start dumping it. No need. Just keep holding. Keep going, doing whatever it is that you’re doing. Keep doing. So that’s about layer, guys.

00:27:30
Uh this is on the USDT pair and you know here over here it is two bucks 2. 4, you know this was against uh the the the Korean Crow whatever they call it so this is against UCT so just just bring it bro just come bring it do it do come come I'll be waiting bring it just bring it bring it bring it bring it because Barrow took you know Barrow we we did it twice on Anna it was once And bear I did it twice. Let's see how Leia is going to do. Come. Come, baby. Come. Come. Come. Show me. Show me the money. Show me the money. Look at this. Look at this. I've seen this, guys. Look at this. Look. Look at this shot. Look at this. This is just one big Ponzi pump scheme. That's what this is. These guys will dump this thing so hard.

00:28:35
You just have to be educated. You need to know how to leverage trade. If you know how to leverage trade a little bit, you're going to kill it on this one. You just need to know how to do it. You just need to know. And how do you know how to do it? You have to be trading on Bloven or Butanex. DM me your UID. 100k trading volume is nothing by the way, and yeah, DM your UID and you'll get access to the trading course vids; you know you watch them like a hundred times-I don't care how many times you're gonna watch them, you're gonna listen to me, don't think that you're smarter, just listen to me in those vids. Do exactly as I'm telling you over there: how to leverage trade.

00:29:25
That's it. That's it. So, Korea, come on, Korea! Come on, Korea! You can do it. You can do this. You can do this. Come on. Come on. You can do this. Maybe you can even, maybe they can even ramp it up to three bucks. Why not? Why not? You greedy freaks. Why not? Come on. Maybe they can even push it to three bucks. That would be great if they can push it to three bucks. And I'm in. So this is for me, no trade. This is for me, lay it's for me an investment. I'm investing money over here. You know, I'm investing money. I forget about it. I let it run. Doesn't have my focus. I don't give a crap until I show you. That's what's going to happen.

00:30:14
So let me go to, let me go, let me go to Bitcoin. Let me go to Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin. Oh, I love it! You know, I remember this preview; you know, you know it's; it sounds this is; let me ask all of you guys that are in the stream right now, i know, i know, i understand because why you guys are all humans, you guys are no bots, you're not AI bots, you're humans, you've got a feeling and emotions, you've got to really get everything! I know that the previous stream when you know, when you see this thing come back and I start telling you guys, if you're not gonna buy now; When are you going to buy? And then, you know, while I'm saying that to you and you're seeing the red, so forget about this.

00:30:59
You're not seeing this. But this candle was not here. This candle was not here. Guys, if you're not going to buy here, when are you going to buy? Especially if you're 100% in cash, you have to buy. He's throwing 20, 30%, whatever. AMW we cannot buy, it's going down, the markets are going down, guys please, please, please, please just listen to me, you need to buy, you need to buy the blood, buy the freaking blood, we're hitting support, no! No, I cannot buy my feelings and my emotions. Everything is telling me we're going down because Trump is putting in tariffs and I'm reading the news and we're going to crash.

00:32:11
Just listen. Just freaking listen. How many times do I need to repeat myself? Just freaking listen! Listen! Listen! Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. You have to listen. Because you have to listen. Sing this guy, sing this. Then days later, oh. Oh, yeah, yeah, we're pumped up again. Yeah, we're going up again. Oh, yeah, well, MW, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you were right again, MW. Yeah, you were right again when you were telling us to buy. It's already too late. And why didn't you buy when I told you to buy? Because I was afraid. Hmm. Why were you afraid? Yeah, because, you know, I'm very scared when markets go down. But, you know, But, you know, when markets go up and they are at top levels and at FOMO levels, I'm not so scared anymore.

00:33:13
You know, that's when I have the guts and, you know, that's when I buy. But why do you buy? Because, you know, I just open up my Twitter and, you know, I go through my feed and I see that everyone is bullish. And, you know, everyone is calling for 20x, 50x altcoins, 100x altcoins, you know. All my favorite crypto gurus are telling us to buy ETH, Bitcoin, you know, and they're saying that this is just the beginning and, you know, crypto is going to the moon and, you know, Trump is coming and, you know, and then they show us, you know, I look at Look On Chain and I see a lot of spotted ETFs are buying even more Bitcoin. And, you know, my favorite crypto account, you know, Michael Saylor, he's always buying Bitcoin. So, you know, yeah, yeah. So, you know, so. That's when I'm not scared at the top. No. Why are you not scared at the top? You know, because, you know, the whole world is buying crypto. So why wouldn't I buy crypto? I just go all in. Yes.

00:34:37
It's so hard, so hard to fight people and they agreed it's so hard, so uh again guys, again guys, so we're bouncing very beautifully, let's see how you're on, you know, look at this, look at this, look at this, look at this, let me do, let me, let me do some amateur, some amateur uh and uh ta with you guys, some amateur, this is this is amateur ta, this is this is called the moon level, you know, called the moon level, look at this, oh we're traveling into this falling wet, oh I told you, I told you it was the bottom over here, I told you you know, I'm gonna do one live stream, you know, we're gonna put in the fibs, We're going to put in the RSIs.

00:35:31
We're going to put in the stochastic. We're going to put in some heat maps. We're going to put in some nice, you know, these horizontal volume sticks. Yes, we're going to put them all on our charts. I'm going to do one live stream for you guys with all these fucking tools on. Why not? The question is this: Because if you were smart people, if you guys would have brains in your heads and you know how to logically think, If you see me never using any of those tools and I'm outperforming every freaking, every single one of those TA guys on Twitter or on YouTube, what is the conclusion that has to come into your mind? I would say I will never, ever put on a fucking fib, stochastic aerosol, a heat map or whatever the fuck out there on my chart, because it's just a lot of fucking crap. Because if there is one trader not using all of those tools and he beats every single one of those Einsteins out there, why the fuck am I using those tools?

00:36:46
Okay. So let me show you guys my tool. I'm going to show you guys my tool. This is my tool, the only tool that I use. Oh, my tool. Look at my tool, guys. Look at it. Look at it. Look at it. Oh, we hit it over here. Reject it down. We hit it over here. Reject it down. Even Trump with his 90 fucking percent, 90, no, not 90 percent, 90 days of no, no, no, you know, no, no terrorists or whatever crap he's shared over there. Even then, it hit the indicator and dumbed down. Even then, it hit the indicator and dummed down. Kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom. This indicator has no relation to FIPS. This indicator has no relation to stochastic as RSI, to RSI, to. No, it doesn't.

00:37:54
Okay, enough, let me see Paxi for a big for one moment and that's Paxi Paxi Paxi Paxi. By the way, guys, I'm gonna say No, when this one. See this one on the indicator; look at this one. Are you seeing these guys? I know you guys are not seeing-I think this support zone indicator bitcoin indicator boom! You can make 100k, 200k, 500k based on for the high volume traders trading bitcoin that's it that's it. The high volume traders sometimes when you're confident, you're seeing it and it's connecting; boom! boom! going heavy, going heavy; make 100k, 200k, 300k why not 50k, 70k, 80k, 90k? Do it just do it, put a stop loss and do it. Go on, maybe you're gonna hit your stop loss one time or two times but you're gonna nail it eight-seven-eight out of times; make a lot of money.

00:39:13
You just have to listen. So um, yes we're gonna talk about uh the altcoin shared on GTC Insider so first of all we're gonna start with this one showing a lot of volume gas okay, okay guys I only have no clue gossip; I think this is an old coin I don't know gas whatever I don't know, guys. I'm just telling you there's a lot of volume going on over here so uh this level this level, okay oh yeah. This is beautiful, by the way. Look at this, where's this, what's this? Go away. This one, seeing this block over here, guys. Very long accumulation. We hit it now. It's reacting out of it. So do some research on gas; I don't know, try to get more out of it using the Indy. So the next one is SNT, SNT. Oh, okay, whatever doesn't it? I really have no clue. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Oh,

00:40:59
baby, baby, baby, baby. This is looking so good. Chart-wise, this is looking so good, guys. I really have no clue if this thing has got some life in it or what it is or what they do. But do some research on this S & T, guys. I don't know what it is, but wait a minute. Let me check for a moment. Let me see. What is this? What is now when I see a chart that interests me? That's when I start doing research on some crappy note, not liking that some research on it, whatever. It's hitting support levels. I'm not interested in it. Steam. Steam, baby, Steam. Oh, I love Steam. I love Steam. This is like a payment coin doing payment crap to whatever payment network. So, Steam. Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam, Steam. Oh, I love Steam.

00:42:23
Guys, all I have to say is keep an eye on Steam. I'm liking Steam, I'm gonna be very honest with you-I like, I love Steam. Steam is showing some nice power over here, guys. And it dumped-this was a huge dump by the way, by Steam. I don't know why, but oh whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Almost 80 down, this is massive. So uh, guys do some research on Steam, trade the indie. I think that Steam is looking really, really... these are the coins that you know, if the fundamentals are good and uh, you know, and the team is still operative. These are the coins that I like to buy, by the way. This is it, this is it, this is it, this is it!

00:43:07
Let me put an alarm over here-example check out Steam showing some power, then we got this Vine, okay uh. This is in my opinion, if I'm correct, me if I'm wrong but Vine is a meme coin, shield by uh Elon Musk, that's that simple. That's what I know about Vine, he likes to tweet about you know he you know it's sometimes very crazy that these people that are working at very high levels in governments have the time to shield meme coins on Twitter. Are you feeling me? Are you guys feeling me? You know I just don't get it. Where do they find the time for that? I just don't get it. But either way, it's a nice bottom accumulation. This thing could pump especially it's if Musk will start uh doing whatever it is that he's doing.

00:44:05
You guys will you really need to uh uh you really you really you really. Oh, I didn't remove that one by the way. So you you guys really need to to trade. The indie this indicator the indicator will make your money on these coins, you know. I made trading course with how to trade meme coins like a pro, uh, guys. This is basically, uh, maybe uh the most important, uh, training course that you're gonna watch because if you are going to trade meme coins with the indicator just like I educated you on the leverage training course, then you can make life-changing money in no time, so yes. Next one, touch? I don't know what that is; I would say cut the crap out of it; I don't know what that is, that's whatever that's just cut the crap out of it, use the indicator do whatever it is that you want to do.

00:45:09
Oh, caddy. Caddy is getting dumped, getting rugged, okay? Is this a surprise? No, this is just you know. Caddy could be like my bara girlfriend; caddy could also be my girlfriend; she isn't my girlfriend because she wasn't pretty enough, but whatever. Now, caddy could be one of my girlfriends, so someone is dumping caddy. Actually, by the way, guys, this is a monster! You have to remember that you know we call the top over here-this rug. They rug a lot of people over here and then they dump down. But this thing, when it dumps, when it shows volume, there's a big community behind it. And they like to pump this thing very hard. So you have to just keep in mind that since I called the bottom, I told you to focus on longs, this coin did 66%.

00:45:59
So keep this in mind, guys. This Oxygen can pump very hard. Use the Indy and give it a check. Oh, Argo. Argo, Argo, Argo is one of those shillers coins. So, you know, all those big accounts, they like to shill Argo. I don't know why they like to shill Argo. Maybe they're getting paid. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe they've got some, maybe they gave them some coins, free coins. I don't know. I'm just guessing. I'm just saying something. But there's always a reason for someone shilling something, you know. And it's not the fundamentals. Let me tell you that. It's not the fundamentals, guys. So, whatever. I don't chase these pumps. I would only be interested in shorting the crap out of them.

00:46:51
Maybe this is one of those coins that you could short the crap out of. Not now, but soon. No, you can make some nice gains on this one. So, but again, we're focusing on loans, but you know. But you know actually if you want to, you have to see it like this. So if you got a short something, why would you short our goal if you've got later? No, I feel like, 'Why would you know this is just a 100 million market cap, you know made a nice wrong pop? Maybe they can hold it down because now so, you know if I'm gonna put a dime into Argo, short why wouldn't I just short-layer that's my opinion, so um well, Mubarak to everyone, so uh I'd Mubarak you know this. I think this is just CC now CZ, uh he's now the advisor of the Pakistani government for crypto yeah, well you know what, me that's all I have to say and then auction.

00:48:01
Thank you Korea. That's all I have to say. Thank you, Korea. Thank you. You made so much money on non-auctions. Then I wanted to show you guys this, by the way, guys. Are you seeing this? Listen, do you guys understand why I'm about... no, not about. I am by far the best in crypto town. If it's about altcoins, if it's about fundamentals, I'm a fundamental expert, but I'm better than them. Why am I better than them? Because, you know, I've been screaming for months, 'you have to trade.' You want to make money? Yes. You want to make money? You want to make serious money? Trade Fartcoin. Fartcoin is the best. It's the pop cat of 2024. So this is Fartcoin is 25.

00:48:54
I said it and I said it and I said it and I said it. You guys just have to listen. Look at this. So basically, what happened is this: let me tell you; let me show what happened. So since the dump when we flip bullish, this thing more than doubled. If you bought it when uh I was buying at the previous dump, you are at the 4x now. Remember the previous dump, the other dump? You know, when we bought in Fartcoin? I showed you the P&L, the 4,000%. It's now, by the way, running around 8,000 or 9,000. I need to share that P&L, by the way. It's around that. But, you know, I'm going to take profits, by the way.

00:49:40
I'm going to take more than 90% out of the position. But, you know, that's just me. That's what I am. I don't give a fuck about Fartcoin. I only give a about the amount of money I'm making if it's tomorrow, another one you know it's just like better every day there's another girlfriend, I don't give a [care], I just follow the money. So first of all, let me show you this resistance zone, but I think that fartcorn will dump earlier, so we got, first of all, the one back, one back. So uh, we're getting close, guys. So when we're getting close to this, you have to be careful, don't, don't you bought over here, you made a four or five X congrats that's simple, I know that a lot of you guys uh own fart going from the 20 cents so don't start uh hiding over there as if you don't have father and I know that you guys have.

00:50:37
So if you, if you, if you made a four or five weeks, congrats, and four or five weeks take the debt at least liquidate uh let's say 60, 70, 80 percent of Your position and if you're still bullish or fat when you think that it's gonna moon in one line which is possible by the way but if you think that this thing will just moon in one line uh you just hold 30 40 percent and then well make money on that one but you know you have to be careful I'm telling you you have to be super super careful I'm repeating myself you have to be super super careful okay guys well um I think I'm gonna close it up I think that It was a nice stream again and again and again and again and again.

00:51:24
Is it the tech, bro? The tech, bro. The tech, yes, yes, yes. You know, you guys cannot imagine that years ago, people really believed in the tech. You guys cannot imagine. It really was. You know, when I was telling the guys, it's not about the tech, it's about money. Make money, don't get, no! No, MW, no! It's like, it's like, it's like I'm beating their kids or something. That's how angry they are at me when I tell them, listen, guys, all these articles, it's not about the tech. No, MW, shut up, shut up, go away, it's the tech, you know. It's, it's, it's, it's really, it's really, it's, it's. It's really mind-blowing. It's really mind-blowing. Let me see the chat if there is something interesting to share with you guys.

00:52:23
Okay, we've got our joker over here, Alpiman. You know, he's always trying to be funny. Guys, give this guy, you know, when he shares something like this, you have to always, you know, give him that. Alpiman, very funny. You know, he needs this, you know. You know, Alpiman is one of those guys. He doesn't get enough attention from his wife, you know. So we have to give him that. So give him some. So Alpiman was waiting for the 73-60. So funny, Alpiman. Alpiman, I gave you a little bit of attention over here. Look, look, look. Look at Alpiman. Oh, guys. I know Alpiman can take it from me. I know he can take it. Just joking, bro. Just joking.

00:53:15
Do I got something? Do I got something? I don't like okay, I'm gonna close it up, guys. So uh, yeah, thank you all for joining in. Happy trading, happy trading, virtual well, what's going on with virtual guys, you know? I suggest that you watch the first part of the video again because sometimes I speak a little bit, you know, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, and then you don't remember it. You have to go back to the first part of the video. It's very important. It's very important that I explain to you guys because, you know, my end game is not done yet. So when it comes, you guys will be the first one to hear it. But, you know, I'm getting close to seeing. The direction: Okay, guys! I love you all. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one. Bye!
*** Live Stream 04-13-2025 Top 10 #Altcoins to pump next week !! *** 

00:00:43
welcome welcome welcome retail fam mw and we'll kill a game tweeting crypto and welcome rita from welcome welcome back gtc so we're gonna do a live stream today gonna talk a little bit about macro a lot about altcoins uh what's going on what are we gonna do what to expect is mw still bullish yes he's bullish as long you know as long as you see mw bullish you see those bubbles green green green green green and i understand you know i understand that you know nobody's talking about it you know listen guys you just check mw's twitter page this guy when he's bearish it's always red when he gets bullish things turn green how the Freak is this guy doing that who the freak is this guy at least people that understand markets they ask themselves this question.

00:01:40
Not the fools on Twitter. You know, the fools on Twitter are just, oh, I'm wrecked. And then, oh, it's going up again. Oh, this and that, you know, whatever. So we're going to play some music while we're going to play the music. We're going to also see who's with us in the live today. So, yeah. So let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Do I got some music today? I hope that I got some music. We need the music today. Boom, boom.

00:03:16
What do we got? Zoopark! The music is still running, I know! Zoopark! Boom!

00:03:29
Zoopark! Pedro Costa! Ziggy Jack! GF! GF Blaze! Oh, what do we have? What do we have? I've got Trap! Skating Skills! Gisto! VLA! Constra! he's back home. I don't know if she's healthy enough, but she's back home. Sean, we got Alana McDee, Australia's away, that's great, that's great. Top Doc Marco, let's go. Marky is in the house, good, tough break, that Frank Willems is this pop off. Oh, we got Mo Mo Hammett's 19. Following us, Christopher Rozan. Oh, what have we got? Rakan. We got Alamothor. We got, what is this? Liss. Jules Pip. We got Muhammad Ali. We got Jerry in the house. We got Michael Boba. Sportsman. Can't miss the live. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got, we got, we got G, we got Biggie, we got Benjamin, Naveen, we got Margarita Lopez, we got Roy Brewer, Mel Pink, Chris Lee, what do we got, what do we got, Benjamin Burke, Jawad Mazhar, Ermanshaft is in the house, Ermanshaft is here, yes! So, basically, I have to see if the Patreons are having a good day because I updated it. Let me tweet about it. Patreon. Click on the link again. We are live now.

00:06:02
I don't know why, I just love it.

00:06:13
know I know that they got the right link but the problem is you know if they already clicked on it then they go to the so I updated it so they need to click on it again so that's all but I'm seeing that the numbers are increasing so they're probably uh they get it now okay so okay enough enough enough enough let's go to the weekend alpha yes so so I just you know I just made a post on the ran I know that Ren is a little bit ignoring me and, you know, I get it why he's ignoring me. I feel, I feel. I understand it. I understand it. No hard feelings for Ren. And I understand why Ren is ignoring me lately. I understand it. I feel it.

00:06:57
But, you know, he was probably, oh, the future is going to open to people. Yeah. You know, I met a kid at the pool. He's like seven years old. And he also knew that, you know, someone told him he read the news that Trump has been, you know. Back off on China? So you know, and you know, and the futures reacted positively in the weekend, on that you know, yeah, so we all know that Mr., we know that, we know, we know everyone knows it, but it's not about the US 500; this is what it's about. So uh, for the ones that are in here, so if you want to be a lead trader, a lead investor, a lead market analyst, this is what you have to do.

00:07:37
This I already told you about this days ago; it's about the forex policy; it's not about stocks anymore; it's not about index; it's not all about bonds yields and and and you know. So let me first of all tell you let me first of all tell you that you know because some people are getting confused, and you know while they're getting confused I just don't get why are you getting confused what's what's your problem? It's very simple! It's very simple. I gave you this weeks ago; I gave it to you days ago; and I gave you also over here. I told you, I don't know in what language I need to speak. You have to be bullish. You have to remain bullish. You have to stay bullish.

00:08:24
As long as this thing is holding, bullish, bullish. Guys, before this box was even over here. So, before we had this box even here, while we're traveling over there, I already told you. This is your short. This is your long. What more can I tell you? I explained it to you in detail. You know, I kept repeating myself on Twitter. Focus on longs. Focus on longs. I did it like three streams, four streams. Focus on them. I told you goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. You know, let me show you. Let me show you again in case you forgot. Listen, look at this. Look, look, what was I telling you? Goodbye goodbye. This is where you buy. This is where you buy. This is not what you sell. This is not where you're afraid.

00:09:13
This is where you buy, you buy, you buy. Remember goodbye-I didn't just go get it. You know, there was one reason for me to listen. You know, I was focused so much on shorts the past weeks that, you know, you know, I just can't get into this long. But listen, OK, I get that. I get that if you say that, because I feel you because you have to see it like this. You are no professional trader. So I know when you are in a bearish narrative, you stay in it until you get wrecked. When you are in a bullish narrative, you stay in it until you get wrecked. That's just how it works. You know, that's just the humans. That's how humans work. But now let me get back.

00:09:59
Let me get back. When the best trader analyst in the world that's telling you, buy, buy, buy, long, long, long. You have to fucking listen. Oh, I'm swearing. I need 100 bucks. I got 100 bucks over here. Wait a minute. One minute, guys. I've got 100 bucks over here. So, $100 how much is that in to buy money? I think around 400 bucks to buy money, okay there she goes, swearing $100 into the pot, oh the alarms are going off over here, okay great! So, is that just because I paid $100 you know guys, every time when I'm gonna swear I'm gonna pay 100 bucks into the pot, going to charity,

00:10:55
that's it, it's just I just need to stop freaking no it's more bro, it's more is it 367 now, oh I, you know I put in 400 uh aad so you know okay a little bit a little bit I gave a tip to that I gave a tip to the charity I gave them 400 so it's you know I just have to do it I just have to do it you know uh And it's Peter. It was Peter. It was you. I saw you posting that one. You just have to freaking listen. I understand it. It's hard. It's hard to keep fighting your own mind. I get it. I just get it. You don't have to think like, oh, well, I'm W. No, I feel you.

00:11:38
It's not like I'm laughing at you or I'm burning you. No, definitely not. I'm training you. So you can only train, you know, when you do some, make some mistake, when you fall, you stand up. And then what I don't like is when you stand up and you keep, keep, keep going into, how do you say this in English? You keep, you keep, you keep, you keep, now keep walking into the same, same, same tree, you know, keep hitting your head every time. Every morning you got boom, boom, boom. No, if that's your life, then it sucks. Then, okay, but you know, it doesn't matter. Okay. The first time you make a mistake, I'm going to talk. Okay. And that tells me to focus a lot. I just can't. Okay.

00:12:20
If you can't, if you got the feeling like I can't, what you do is stay out of the markets. Do nothing. Do nothing. That's what you do. Just do nothing. It's, it's really, it's really okay, so basically let me go back, let me go back to where I was, let me go back because you know I was, I was, I was so let's, let's talk about, I know you know, I understand that you know when you go into Twitter, you read only this oh the futures are going up to three percent oh well we're gonna pump oh bitcoin might go up you know we know this already you know we knew this we already talked about you know this is this is the difference we are always two, three steps ahead of everyone else.

00:13:11
So, you know, when they are talking about what's happening today and yesterday, we already talked about that two weeks, three weeks ago. So, you know, but because, you know, it doesn't matter what's about today. I don't give a freak about, don't swear, don't swear. I don't give a freak about what happened, what's going to happen today. So, I'm, you know, and I'm day trading, I do, but, you know, on a macro. i need to know what's gonna happen the next two weeks or three weeks that's the only thing that you know i'm cracking my brains every time again and again every day about knowing what's gonna happen in two weeks because that's what's gonna make me the most gains not what's gonna happen today or tomorrow because what's gonna happen today and tomorrow you know i already acted on that so when i told you okay folks our lungs were lost when i told you to buy the lungs are printing the spot bags that have been filled are printing everything is printing already

00:14:01
so that is printing already we prepared ourselves for that past weeks now i need to prepare myself for the next weeks and that's what i'm cracking my mind about i told you already you know i'm trying to connect the dots so that's what i want to talk about that's important it's not important with you know well trump is backing down you know from the computers and the phones and this and that with china whatever whatever that Was to be expected, The guy is just manipulating the markets. You know, that's just what he does. And, you know, that's what he likes. And, you know, he's probably making a lot of money on it. Just saying. Maybe it was the agreement to pay some sponsors that sponsored his presidency. I don't know.

00:14:51
And to be fair, I don't give a freak also. Don't swear. This is you know, this is the chart that I'm looking at, you know, I keep looking at it, looking at it, looking at it. So what's gonna happen? So let me tell Let's go in! I was talking to I had you know I was talking a little bit with Sid also about this because Sid is in my opinion the best Fundamental guy. I was talking; he knows a lot about Asia, so basically let me let me let me talk a little bit in a little bit of you know children's language because I think that most of you guys will appreciate that the most because so you can understand a little bit what we're going to talk about.

00:15:42
So first of all, you got this DXY, what is the DXY? This Y is like US dollar against you know the euro, yen, uh, Canadian, Australian dollar, etc., whatever. Most of all, what you're seeing here is this is the USD vs. USD, so if this thing goes down, it means that the value of the dollar is going down. I've always been telling you, Trump, the only thing that he has to do is defend this dollar he has to defend it for not crushing so what we're seeing now we're seeing now it's not that he's doing it but you know the markets are doing it and the dollar is crushing then you got these guys you know the morango or morango i don't know what it is the theory about that

00:16:26
trump the big plan is so the real plan so not the tariff crap that you're seeing on the news the real plan is that he wants to weaken the dollar so uh he can sell the depths again what we have been seeing is you know that asia the ones that have been buying a lot of debt from america is you know japan china um you got a little bit of saudis but The ones that are buying the debt are not interested in the US dollar anymore, so There's not a lot of greed into that direction because, very simple, America has been printing like crazy and their debt is increasing. That's number one. The big theory now is that he wants to weaken the dollar so he can get the dollar more attractive to these continents so they will start buying US debt again.

00:17:21
But now comes the most important part. My opinion because normally what you would see if you want to see this thing going up it's mostly when you know, like the Fed starts raising rates but the rates are already at a top so they could increase them a little bit more but you know we we they can't increase them a lot more because at this point, you know, the banks are also in danger, so the more they start this keep increasing those those rates, the more the banks could collapse. So, you know, the Fed, you know, nobody is in a worse position at this moment than the Fed. So because if the Fed would cut rates, you know, this thing would crash down to the blue zone like this, you know.

00:18:13
So in my opinion, what I'm seeing now is, you know, at some point trump whatever whoever in the whole usa what they need to do they need to protect this dollar but if they're gonna protect this dollar how are they gonna do it so you can weaken it so if the real plan is really to weaken this thing over here i don't think that the the us dollar will ever survive this that's what i think i think that the us dollar is in danger it's you know we've seen the petrol dollar disappearing they're fighting it we're seeing uh the bricks most important part the bricks rising up also not interested in in the us dollar are we seeing europe uh fighting back to the usa by getting don't swear don't surround them you're getting freaked on the gas and the oil that they have to pay a lot more money on and so you know there are a lot of countries they are you know

00:19:13
like okay this us dollar we have to you know okay there are other ways we don't need this us dollar so i just think that that trump is playing a super super super super dangerous game over here because if you're gonna if you know if the whole world is already running away from the us dollar and you are gonna push them even more the only one that can defend it you gotta push them more to weaken it i don't think you can survive that i think that that will i think you know a lot of people they don't know this but let me tell you this guys if the us dollar for example falls down goes below this uh blue box uh this is even worse Than a world war, you guys have no clue what kind of impact this could have globally.

00:20:02
People have no clue, I know that you guys have no clue. This is worse than a world war if you suppose that you know that this thing gets insolvent that this thing just dumps down. If this thing dumps down, uh, I'm telling you the whole world will be this will be the this will be the the biggest crash ever, ever, ever, globally in the economy. And then you can tell me, oh my, you're talking crap. Okay, I'm talking crap. I'm telling you, I'm telling you: if this thing crashes down, that will be the end. But you know at some point what we have to also let so let me go back. To this one,

00:20:43
let me go to this one by the way, this is a huge uh bounce over here by the way, this is really huge bounce but uh so this will probably also open a bit higher but let me just tell you this guys it's because this is very important I'm gonna explain you guys now is that you know uh what was I gonna say, yes. So what we have to see now is because we're talking now about the boxes. Let me go to the boxes. So, OK, we know this. OK, but something that we didn't talk about, by the way, you got another box over here also. But something that we haven't talked about is, is that these boxes have been holding every time for the past... what is it?

00:21:26
Five years. This is five years. This is 10 years. So we have been holding the boxes every time again and again and again. And something extra coming out of this is this is a bubble. Do you have a bubble over here? I don't think I have a bubble over here. Do you have a bubble? No, I don't have a bubble over here. Sorry, guys. I got a big cloud over here for you guys. I got a cloud. So this is a bubble that we're in. So you know my tweet that I posted about, you know, Chinese stocks are maybe the best. to buy if you're interested in stocks i still stand with it i

00:22:11
think that the life-changing money is not anymore in the us 500 and you know it sounds maybe a bit you know but it is what it is because why because i think that you know this these boxes need to get broken you know at least this box need to get broken this was you know because you know trump has been doing whatever it is that he has been doing and you know uh uh we dumped down what was it we dumped down from top to bottom in the box what was it 21 yeah around 21 it's nothing and from that 21 we already bounced we already bounced um 30 so basically we're down eight percent on top we're just backed all time high it's crazy guys it's crazy to even talk about this it's crazy to even you know just just try to get this into Your mind which is eight percent, eight percent, two three, good tomorrow I think tomorrow, we can make two percent, three percent, five percent off, you know.

00:23:22
If they're ramp up maybe back guys so you know all that news that you have been reading about, oh the market question everything's going down and we wiped out a lot of trillions that it's going to whatever it's all crap because we're back we're back at the ultimate high again there we go again. So yeah, so basically you know you know you know for me I you know. We are long, we're focusing on laws, we bought some bags, are printing now it's great but you know in my opinion I have to Start preparing myself for these bugs, oh what are you saying, mw, yes that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, I'm preparing

00:24:04
myself for this box and how do I prepare myself in this box it's very easy, you know, I just trade the momentum up, up, up, no problem, I just trade the momentum and then I flip short, I'll flip short in you know like this, I'll flip short, I'll flip short very hard, you know, and let me tell you this also because something I wanted to show you guys also um is that us 500, this bubble is so big and it's so scary that these guys don't, don't they don't even believe in double bottoms, look at this one we went down and then up we never looked back over here. This is even, this because this candle is bigger than this candle and this candle, so this is by the way, in one time, so let me just say this, these guys don't believe in double bottom, so it's, it's just dump it and then pump it, it's that simple, so that's how I see 500 works.

00:25:07
But you know, I, you know, you know it's, it's really, really my blood, let me tell you this. If markets would crash, if market would crash, so like because a lot of people talking about this is a question in my opinion. This is not fresh, this is no crash in my opinion, in my opinion, this is no crash. Hey. Stop it, so in my opinion, this is no crash. Then it goes that of course yeah yeah keep keep keep killing. So in my opinion, this is no crash, we went down from this box to the back. This was no crash; a real crash is if we would go below it. So from now it's you know we had a correction, that's all what it was. We had a correction and we're bouncing beautifully.

00:25:52
From so the lines are getting respected, the box is getting respected, everything is getting respected. Everything is bouncing. So all this crap about you know about about what crescents are, so for me now at this moment, is you know trying to figure out how high can they push this thing back. Up because we had this one, we had this one that was crazy. Then, we have this one so let's see now with Trump even opening the gates for China and you know okay, China, China is not backing down. They shouldn't be backing you know why? They're buying freaking debt from America and then you want me to you come to troll me. You know, China will not back down so I don't know how Mr.

00:26:33
Xi is gonna react to whatever Trump has been doing over the weekend so his timing has been great like always um and let's see so for me it's basically just, it comes up into this region and if we'll come up to these regions over here, I'm gonna start telling you, I'm going to start Preparing myself for the next shorts again. What? Did you say MW? Yes. I'm going to prepare myself for the next shorts again. You got a short again, MW? But why, Bettina? Yes, I'm going to prepare myself for the shorts again. Okay. So, Peter, maybe soon you're going to get back into your shorting narrative again. So, yeah, it's just what it is, guys. It's just how I think about it and how I see it.

00:27:15
For me, the most important part is discharge. So I'm just discharged. See if this level, because this, I want to see how this thing is going to open. And, you know, I just, I'm just, you know, I'm trying to find what the USA is going to do about this, you know, because they are going to do something about this. I know that Trump, especially Trump, I know that Trump is going to do something about this. It's got to happen. He's going to defend this one because he has to. It's not if he wants to, he has to defend it. So whatever it is that he's doing, if he's trying to weaken the US dollar for, you know, just for people to buy more debt and this was the whole plan, well, Mr.

00:27:59
Trump, whatever it is that you're doing, you have to start doing the opposite now because if you don't, it might be the end of the US dollar. So I think enough. I want to show you guys this one by the way, I want to show you guys Beverly Hills, look Beverly Hills Beverly Hills live! I already explained you this, like, you know, let me remove. I already explained you this for like, This is how the Beverly Hills gang makes free money every time. They just don't care; they do range trading, they do with the MW way, you know, just short the crap is up short it up short it short it short it short

00:28:43
it short it short it do you know how much freaking money these people make these these guys you know this is this is the sad part you know you got the middle class working very hard for their money and then you got this rich elite people they just make free money and why explain to us mw how do you make money you have to just look at the candles look these are weekly candles let me show you look how how much time we spend into this zone look over here you're seeing this look how much time we spend over here let me do it like this look how much time we spend at the bottoms and look how much time we spend at the top at the top is very easy because you know you see up dump down up dump down dump down dump down dump down

00:29:38
and very hard dumps down like this one dump down because we don't you know there is no accumulation over here there is no uh wait a minute uh let me let me no no no no no no no No, no, it's very simple. You see, it getting into for example what they do is they start doing it over here, this is their you know their starting zone where they start shorting you know and then they just hold their shorts and then they know they're gonna make money, this is the Chase trading style strategy, this is what Beverly Hills does so they don't care. Okay, oh well, uh VIX 45, start shorting it go oh it's a 50 more it's a 60 more 70 more just pump it up just pump it just fill those shorts just fill it just buy it, buy all those freaking shorts because why?

00:30:30
Because this thing won't last a week and it will dump down. So they get, you know, This Beverly Hills gang, they just cash in, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And they make a lot of money by doing nothing. And the middle class is working their butts off, the doctors, the factory people, everyone, the nurses, the garbage men, working their asses off to make a living. And then you got this Beverly Hills gang. You see what they do? this is what they do, they don't they don't care, they just okay up show the crap out of it, you know, just you know, it's a matter of one two three four days and we're gonna cash what yes we're gonna cash and then you know he's gonna buy himself a new Lamborghini, a new new Ferrari, a new whatever you know this is how it works this is how how how this is how This is how sad the world is.

00:31:38
This is why, you know, these people make so much money and, you know, and we have to struggle. You know, it's just like I explained to you guys with this terror for us. Who's going to pay for it? It's not the governments. It's not these rich people. They're not going to pay for it. It's the hardworking people in the world. They will pay for this terrorism. so yeah well that's about that and by the way i want to show you guys this one also because you know we lost this we lost this zone and oil um you know i think i'm gonna explain you guys next time because i'm pretty pretty interested in oil very soon so so i wanted to say that so okay enough about financial markets macros i hope that you guys uh

00:32:28
understood so let me i know that you guys always wait for the summary this is the summary the summary is if we're gonna hit this zone this is when i'm gonna start flipping bearish so does that mean oh could it go up yes it could go up i don't care i'm gonna prepare for myself i'm gonna let me just say it like this because most of you guys already trained by me you have the leverage trade course if you don't by the way dm me or uids be to next blow fin below In btnx, by the way guys, if anyone uh has got some troubles with weeks uh because of their security reasons, DM me please uh so we can solve those ones out.

00:33:06
So for now it's it's bluffing or btnx, uh, the links are in the description below or in my link tree on my bio on x trade there, reach to 100k which is nothing by the way. Uh, DM your UID and by the way don't DM me, Because I was telling you to DM me, don't DM me, DM GTC Insider. So if you're not following GTC Insider, follow them. Also, my bio I've got over there, the username of GTC Insider, DM GTC Insider. And, you know, that way, because, you know, I'm a lot of times, I'm a bit busy with a lot of stuff. But over there, you will get your answers. You will get very quick responses. And you'll get access to the 24/7 speed so for now, when we're going to reach this level, I'm gonna flip bearish; I'm gonna focus on the bearish side, especially the coins that we're going to talk about now. Yes, we're going to talk about altcoins. It's time for altcoins; it's time for altcoins; it's time for altcoins! Boom, boom! Come over here! Yeah, why not? Let's do some music while I'm gonna prepare myself for the altcoins.

00:35:19
One told me yesterday, you know, he DM'd me; he told me, listen, MW, listen, listen, listen. But how is it possible that, you know, you were bullish over here and then we reached the indicator and then you didn't flip bearish. You stayed bullish. Yes, because why? The difference between me and the indicator is that I anticipate if an indicator will get broken, yes or no. If it's going to break up yesterday when we reached the indicator, because that's next level. step number one for you guys is you know indicator respected up and down resistance and support and then if you want to do next level trading then you know because you know i already knew over here that this thing was gonna play so that's why i kept saying focus on longs focus along so we're not up so our next levels for for for bitcoin for me in my opinion is uh first is this one 88 89 so that's my first level uh

00:36:18
where i'm gonna flip bearish on some altcoins over here and then my next level is this one my next level is in the so in the most in the most bullish bullish in the most bullish case the most bullish case yes you heard me in the most bullish case in my opinion i could be wrong prove me wrong anyway uh so this is the first one 88 6 and then the next one is above 90, 91 to 93. So these are now the zones that I'm eyeing and I'll be taking, you know, if you're going to reach this one, I'm going to take a lot of loans and a lot of spotbacks. They will get liquidated. The profits will be taken. So the money will be cashed in.

00:37:07
How do we say in English? Let me know in the chat, please. So, guys, so this is the first level to watch and be very careful. So over here is when I'm gonna flip, when I'm gonna flip bearish again, and this one also, so uh. I know most of you guys you like the shorts more than the logs, I know although those should, you know, those longs are explosive. You know Fart Coin reached I think 7k, 7000 percent, it's madness! So uh, that's about this one, guys. Pexi is very simple; pexi is uh reaching a support level over here, so uh, we might get into this box over here if it wants to go up a little bit to support level.

00:37:52
So that's why why you're seeing Bitcoin not making a lot of moves now until markets open, uh, Unity dominance while doing whatever it's doing and oh well, oh well, oh well! Dominance is a lot about retracing here in the weekends; let's see how that thing is gonna do, uh. This one isn't reaching, I'm just waiting for this one to reach for Ethereum so okay, so enough, let's go into the alt coins. So I got some outcomes on the retail fam, uh, they've been asking me, I asked you guys, listen: give me some artwork, so uh, we've got this non-playable coin, it's NPC, uh, Shield by uh, some Dutch people and uh, well, you know, whatever. You know what to say. What do you want me to say about this?

00:38:42
So, you guys ask me about this, so you know, um... I would take some profits over here; I would take some profits over here. MPC. I'm not interested in whatever these Dutch people are shilling by the way; I just don't give a crap, I just don't, you know you know these guys, these guys are miserable. At least you know you've got, you've got a group of Dutch people. Especially on Twitter. These guys are really the moon one of the biggest disgusting people I've seen in my life, you know, you know. I don't see what they do because I blocked them all but it's really disgusting these people, you know. They're just disgusting-one really, really discussed-they wrecked so many people; you cannot even imagine, but.

00:39:40
So MPC for the one that is interested MPC over here, so let me go to the next one. This one, by the way. What is this? Baby, hey, baby, baby! Baby, baby, baby. I really have no clue what this baby is. I just got it-it's a new coin or whatever. Just a lot of Ponzi in my opinion-just a lot of Ponzi. This prompt prompt! Hey, prompt! What is prompt? Let's see what prompt is. I don't know what prompt is. What is prompt? We've talked about this already, I think. It was on the top 10. Prompt. Is this the one? 50 cents. Yeah, this is the one. Wayfinder. Wayfinder. This is Wayfinder. We are Wayfinder. Just another Ponzi also, in my opinion. Then X and C. Beautiful, beautiful. Beautiful. Did I trade this?

00:40:45
No, I didn't trade this. I did trade this. I did trade this. Whatever. You know, this is just, I don't know what to say. XRP. Beautiful. What a bump from XRP. XRP is so bullish. Next up is looking so good. We didn't even reach the blue zone over here. Leia. Oh, Leia. Leia. Okay, guys. So, seriously, guys. Seriously. You know, you have to feel it. This is my new girlfriend. Yes. Her name is Leia. She likes to call herself Leia. So, I love this girl. I just love this girl. Why do I love this? Because she makes me love her. That's why I love her. It's not that she's pretty or hot or whatever; she makes me a lot of money, that's why I love it it's that simple.

00:41:38
So, so I made for you guys, this orange zone, while we were over here, and I think boom, this was number one you've seen The Peanuts, it's that simple. I love you, but MW, how is it possible? You told us. I know that you told us. You even pointed out this box. You said it before it even happened. Because, you know, I just don't get it; I just don't get it. How are you guys not making money? So, this was the first one. Boom, down. And then we had this one. Boom, down. I want to explain to you guys something. You know, these market makers, what they do is when they see a lot of shorts getting opened, they might push the price. It's just what it is.

00:42:30
But not if you're educated by me. If you're doing it the MW style, they will not push it up. You know why? Because they can't liquidate you. So you're not interesting to them. You know, you'll get into the list of we can't beat this. Oh, I almost sweat again. We can't beat these freaks because these freaks are, you know. They're probably trained by me, yes they're trained by me, yes so you're not interested so they're there only looking for the ones that you know also some of you guys that maybe do follow me but you don't listen to me so you don't follow the rules of trading so when you don't follow the rules of trading they will start hunting you guys just or or just to you know stop hunt you or liquidate you whatever but you know what we do is we, we We make money over here.

00:43:23
We just make money over here. And we make a lot of money. And, you know, I tweeted about it today. I told you this is probably going to be another six-figure P &O in total. And, you know, the more they keep pushing up, the higher the amount of gains will be. And I know it sounds so crazy what I'm saying now. It was also sounding crazy when I told you about Anna. And it was also crazy when I told you about Bera. And it was also crazy when I told you about Fartcoin. It was also crazy when I told you about Notcoin. It was also crazy when I told you about WIF. It was also crazy when I told you about like a hundred others.

00:44:03
But show me one that didn't do exactly as I told you. So, yeah, so, you know. Whatever, so I really hope that they will get it over here, you know, let me let me show you guys a little bit; I mean, okay, a little bit of educational for you guys, okay? Let me show you guys a little bit of – I've seen this, you know. If I would open up a short over here, what do you think I'll do over here? Exactly. That's what I do. I take profits. Let me show you guys the one hour; look at this. Look at this. Look at this. So when we hit the zone over here, the first one. Because I called this before this zone was hit.

00:45:05
For the ones that are new here, this box was here before this was over here. So what do you think I'll do when we hit this one? When we come over here, exactly I take profits so when this thing hits what do you think I'll do over here? Exactly I take profits if this thing hits over here and it comes back to here, what do you think I'll do exactly? I take profits so when it goes back into here, what do you think I'll do exactly? I fill up again. This is how you do it, guys. You keep doing this. You have to have a long breath and you know a lot of people listen. Bro, if you wanna if you wanna change your life financially, you have to be patient, patient dedicate because at some point you'll get something like something like let me show you.

00:46:19
Let me show you. At some point, so you got something like boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You know, you know this eigen that I by the way, by the way, eigen. I also told you about eigen, I forgot to mention eigen. You know, I forget a lot of points that I called. But look at this boom, boom, boom, boom! You have to, you know, because this happened in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ten days, two three four weeks, a month, and then you see, you see what you just did, you see what you just did, you just destroyed eigen with almost 90 percent down from the top. So basically it's the same on this one, but you have to, you know, you have to have patience, wait for it, and you know, you can trade it in the meanwhile, since you know if they're planning on pumping this thing up maybe to 240, maybe even to three bucks, I don't care.

00:47:22
But you have to, in the meanwhile, you know, up back, take profits. Up, fill it up comes back, take profits, you even do it on the four-hour, four-hour, okay. We went up, okay, I'm filled over here; it comes back, take profits, comes up, down on one hour; I take some profits, so what? Why do I why do I tell you to take profits because it's not that you're gonna cash in those profits, no, those profits are only so if they will start romping it up again, so you can fill that same money and don't care about your red penalty even if you're red, so you're on a loss; it's an investment, you're investing, that's what you're doing. You have to see it as an investment because I already explained to you guys this.

00:48:13
The people who have been buying XRP, you know, the people who have been buying XRP, for example, over here, over here, and it came down, and they started buying over here, and then they bought a little bit over here, and then they bought a little bit over here. They are also in super red. And they are just waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, holding, hold, hold, hold, and then boom. And this is now when they are engaged and they can cash in. This is when you cash in. So you have to, you know, if you are not made for this, if you can't do this, if you're like, oh, I'm losing, oh, I'm losing $700. I'm losing, oh, I'm losing like $2,000. Oh, MW. Oh, I cannot sleep.

00:49:04
You know, I just can't sleep. Then trading is not made for you. Don't trade. Get out or you're oversizing yourself, that's also possible, but this is an investment; this is my girlfriend, this is my girlfriend and my girlfriend will make me very rich. You know I only got girlfriends that make me rich. You know now that's just what I have. I know how to choose my girlfriends; I know how to choose them. I'm not gonna take their money. But they are going to make me money. They're not going to take my money. No, they're going to make me money. Those are my girlfriends. I only choose the ones that are going to make me a lot of money. So let's see. Let's see how this thing is going to play.

00:49:57
Fart coin. Fart coin is just doing whatever it is to do. It's a fart coin. Yeah, I think I shorted this. Yeah, I shorted this crap around one buck. you know why not easy money you know that's far far from makes you money up and down yeah this decline of almost 20 percent easy money why not make the money up make the money down that's just how it works very simple so let me go barra barra okay we kill barra see what barra is doing whatever so we've got this move move what is move doing by the way guys this move you know this is the one that is getting bought up by you

00:50:37
know by the trump foundation but trump foundation is buying move so you cannot imagine how much do you know how many wrecked retailers are over here and over here you cannot imagine how much money they're losing well they chose to read the news and buy what they read on the news okay you do that i do this okay and then we got this awkwardness hitting some serious resistance over here Let me see ALK. ALK, ALK, ALK, ALK, ALK. ALK might be good for some. Let me see ALK. What is ALK? ALK. Is this $0 . 10? Yes. $0 . 10. What is ALK? Ooh. Nah. Nah. Nah. I'm not so interested in ALK, to be honest. What do I got? What do I got? I got this IP, whatever.

00:51:32
What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? Zilliqa. Zilliqa by the way, guys, Zilliqa, you know I was I was so shocked, you know why? You have to understand why I was shocked, you know. I've traded a lot of Zilliqa in previous cycles; I made a lot of money in Zilliqa, and you know the first time that I bought Zilliqa-uh, made a lot of money in Zilliqa. Let me just say this: it was at, uh, not over here, not over here, weekly I made a lot of money on Zilliqa around over here seven cents, yeah, it was over here, guys, I remember this very good around seven cents. You know, I bought it and I thought to myself, okay, you know, I'm gonna make some money; it was over here at 0. 007 cents-this is when I bought it.

00:52:43
Okay, so Zilliqa, I saw Zilliqa. And then, you know, and then I was eyeing the charts, and I saw, oh, Zilliqa! Zilliqa almost reached that seven cents again; it reached 0. 009. I thought, Zilliqa, well, Zilliqa. So, Zilliqa is also a coin to keep an eye on, guys. Uh, someone was also sharing with me this broccoli. Okay, so guys, you have to understand that if you're buying broccoli, broccoli wasn't even broccoli, there's a dog of CZ, yeah, I think that was the broccoli, so this was the dog of Czo, you know. All these Ponzi's, you know it's just then you got this Mubarak, same story also CZ related. CZ is really doing great; she's wrecking everyone, it's just wrecking everyone, and then we got uh swarms.

00:53:42
Okay, so basically, we got I got also a question about my altcoins, and these were the previous altcoins, so uh someone's asking me, listen, Mw, what happened to these? Let me show you; let me show you. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you open the list and I'm going to my altcoins. I know that you guys, you know, the old altcoins don't stop, but you know, you know. For the ones that have been focusing on my past streams, past weeks, months, I told you that I'm flipping the narrative from, you know, from the really old gang coins to meme coins, AI agents. So that's when, you know, when I flipped and I told you, no, I'm not forgetting about my altcoins. So whatever, it's 10, 20%, but most of my portfolio will be focused on Fartcoin.

00:54:30
On Sbx Giga, etc etc., I explained this in several, several, a lot of lives so if you are still stuck in that old narrative or whatever, fine by me, you should do whatever it is that you want to do but um, it's not that I'm not buying them, I'm buying them; I bought several of them at the previous dump last time. But you know my focus is more on this new narrative where the money is flowing so should you so Cody for example, Cody, do the math, I'm buying, I'm buying, getting filled, buying so uh and then you got this Cello I haven't been buying some Cello by the way uh, Cello is losing a lot of a lot of I haven't talked about Cello let me say so Cello is also one that I'm very interested in by the way I haven't bought it at the previous dump, by the way.

00:55:28
So I will update you guys about JLO because I'm still bullish on JLO. Flux, I talked about Flux several times. Oh, nice, nice, nice. Flux, I've got a field on Flux. I already explained that to you. Also, how much gains did that make? I think I made a decent amount of money on Flux. 30% bounce. Nice. So, VeChain, for example, also VeChain, same story, guys. You know, it was always here. I told you, I'm buying, I'm buying, I buy, I buy, I buy. A bounce of 40% almost. Just saying, near. I didn't get filled on near, but, you know, I don't care. I think I got filled on GMI. Linky link, I got a field; I'm gonna feel very hard by the way, very big bag, I'm gonna probably cash in some of it tonight, tomorrow morning, also 40%.

00:56:36
You see guys, it's all for the Forbes; is a lot of money, and then we got oh, by the way. I saw; I think I saw the Trump foundation, Trump foundation was was by the way talking about buying. Say you know what I think? I'm going to be straightforward with you guys. This is what I think. You guys want me to be honest, right? I'm going to be really straightforward with you guys. Oh, the Munchaft is still on the screen. Why? Why? Why? Why? So, listen, guys. say is by the way into the buying zone so first of that but you know i think i think that the trump foundation is the new shilling machine so you got this solana gang that has been ruling the the the shilling machines and the shillings past decade and now i think that the trump foundation wants to be the new shilling machine so they decide you know what okay

00:57:48
we're gonna suck in some liquidity on these coins sucking some liquidity on those coins etc and i also think that the coming weeks months i think that the biggest famous crypto accounts will get bought up by the by the trump foundation i just say what i'm thinking but i'm checking it on daily basis so when they do i'll be the first one to update you guys but so they they you know they announced they were buying some say and say is really a pretty good levels to buy by the way so great uh let me go to tau oh nice bounce down nice bounce nice nice oh this is so nice that has been oh this is a nice one oh almost 60 on top great great great so by the way but you know i already said this you know if you want to buy tau you buy it over here

00:58:45
you don't see beautiful this is where you buy tau no i think i said it i think i said it into details guys i'm only buying tower around 165. i think i said it oh my god if someone would just go through my live streams go through my predictions and you know if they would record everything and you know edit it uh oh it would you will be mind blown uh so um yes so uh next one next one no i think that's about that guys i think it's enough for it i think it's enough for for today guys my neck is already hurting me you guys have no clue how uh how how much i love you guys for doing this uh so uh let me see do i have do i have something in the chat um

00:59:49
yeah they uh help him and then you open up another exchange listen bro uh you have to see it like this uh we trade uh these layer coins and these whatever coins on three exchanges i don't have to tell you what exchanges weeks layer and uh weeks later we speak to next clothing so uh when you see that just just just just flip uh uh with decent support would it have a bounce yeah it should have a bounce at this level but you know It's very simple that the narratives are telling us otherwise. But, you know, we don't care about narratives. We care about the charts. So I'm prepared for the DXY to bounce. That's why I'm also telling you, if the markets will open at these levels, you know, every push from there is, in my opinion, a short opportunity.

01:00:36
That's what I'm preparing for. Dutch afternoon cancelled. I told you already, guys, you know, why don't you just listen? Listen! I tweeted about this. You know, I told you the Dutch afternoon, we got Trumpy backing down from China. So the narrative is a little bit pushing into the longs. And also, I've been telling you, focus on longs. So when I'm saying focus on longs, do you expect that the Dutch afternoon will happen? It could happen, but I think the chances are very low. The probabilities are very low. So I'm not prepared for it. So I'm not going to trade it. It's that simple. What about Europe stocks? They bounced very strong, bro. They bounced very strong. It's just they fall over. Let me show you. Let me show you.

01:01:24
Pull this top, by the way, also beautifully. And you're seeing over here, this is that bounce. But, you know, it's the same story just like the US 500. It's not the great reset. Well, the great reset will come when you don't expect it, Alana. So for now, it's just following whatever the markets are giving us. making the money and when we go into a narrative that's when you know that's when we'll get it um let's see let's see let's see let's see what do i got what do i got what i got okay so that's about that guys i love you thanks all for joining in um i hope you guys learned something make some freaking money use the damn indicator by the way guys the indicator is not something you can get now um i've gotten a new

01:02:12
proposition for the ones i i think most of you guys already have but for the ones that don't have it now there will be something new coming up into the into the into the link tree where you can donate and you can get the indicator immediately so it's you know you know it's like i think now one year that people are asking mw please just you know Put a donation number on it and just let us get it immediately. And so we can build up our volume so we can join the free trading course vids. But there is a lot that's going on in my life at this moment. So a lot of changes were growing and there is a lot of new things. Also the beginners course.

01:02:59
There's also something else running at the sidelines. There are also some know i cannot say too much about it but you know thank you all for watching and just be prepared for market open be prepared for the dxy and you know uh i told you we are hitting we are reaching levels when where i will flip bearish again so only a little bit more pushy up my markets are futures open and you know i'll start preparing myself again and for now i'm just enjoying the bounces on the logs and i'm enjoying my girlfriend my baby layer making something now i already made a lot of money on it by the way past days but you know i think this is nothing i think that the big big big jackpot is coming coming coming week coming days i don't care an investment and i'm making a lot of money in the meanwhile until the big dump comes have a nice one thanks for watching by the way i'll be updating you guys uh on twitter if i'm seeing some nice setups i will also updating on telegram or on patreon if i'm seeing some Opportunities have a nice one; thanks for watching.
*** Live Stream 04-14-2025 OM DUMPING AS PREDICTED !! *** 

00:00:02
And welcome again to InEquipter. Welcome, Retail Familia. Familia, how are you? Retail fam, welcome, welcome. MWQ, yes, another live stream. Yesterday we did one, a very important one, by the way. So we're going to do one today because markets over futures markets are open. DXY is holding support. Bitcoin is chopping around. What's going on? Why is MW brewing for us again? What is he brewing again? So we got salsa with us today, I don't know if she's muted or not muted but she's a little bit sick so she's just uh in the background so shout out to Salsera hi guys, so that was a stick hi guys, I think so guys, we're gonna talk about a lot today whether I got over here, so I brought with me uh uh you know a big bag of cash over here, so

00:00:55
I can swear myself just whatever you know I'm gonna you know you know I have to spoil myself sometimes you know it cost me some money you know so be it no but you know at least I can spoil myself you know I just go you know you guys know that I always don't do just like the markets I'm just like the markets when the markets tell you they're going up, they go down I'm just saying when I'm telling you that I'm going to swear I'm not gonna swear you know why would I waste this cash? You know, why would I waste this cash? Why, why, why? Where is it? Why did I put that? It's over here. So, okay, so familia, we're going to talk about a lot today. Let the music run.

00:04:09
Yes, yes, yes, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's dive in. So what do I got? What do I got away? What do I got? Oh, let me go very fast. Very fast. Walid Kir Ashton. We've got Pedro. We've got Crypto Fiore. T Blue. We've got C Bueno. We've got Phil C. We've got Is This Bob. We've got Sean. We've got Sue Park. Amiros. Al Floriano. Kirk Carlo. Alpiman.

00:04:38
We got Mark over here, we got Deft, we got RevPop, we got KPNs, we got Peter, Julian, Sean, we got Scott, Miles Texas, we got Jerry, we got Psycho, we got Lord, Benjamin, we got Rory Gruer, Jawar, we got Spaceman, we got Jew over here, we got Reckons, TopSits, Bro. Uh, we got Lars, we got Jess, we got Ellen, we got Joe, Mama Dolly, we got this phone good boys, okay? So before I kind of talk about markets, before I'm gonna talk about anything, I'm gonna talk about this first, you know? We're gonna talk about this first, so this is what we're gonna talk about, so let me just i'm gonna take you with me, take you with me uh around uh four years back by the way.

00:05:31
I'm drinking a lovely tea, so I suggest you do the same, you know why? Because this tea keeps me cold, you know? You know I remain calm when I drink tea, I love tea, by the way. I don't drink coffee, I love coffee to drink some coffee time by time but the problem is it kills my stomach, it's like I'm allergic to coffee, so when I drink coffee my stomach starts burning like crazy, so that's why you know? I love tea, I love tea. And my favorite tea is Moroccan tea, by the way, with mint. I love that. So anyway, that's MW. You go watch Financial Markets and you're fucking talking about, okay, that's the first one. You're going to talk about tea, mint tea and Moroccan tea, whatever. So let's see.

00:06:27
Let's see. you know i i know bob i hate this you know i've you know i've seen this you know uh you know they drink here in dubai these indians that drinks i don't know guru guru buru whatever it is they drink some kind of tea with milk without it's not my thing guys it's just not and when i want to drink tea i just drink tea i don't want to you know milk with tea and you know that's not my yeah that was an expensive tea Okay, so guys, let's just talk about this. I want to give a shout out to Tran. I don't know what his YouTube name is here. I don't know if he is in this live stream, but his name is on Twitter. It's Tran.

00:07:14
I want to give a shout out to you, bro. I don't know how you did it. I don't know what you did, but how did you find that OM trade, that OM vid? You know, I say a lot of stuff and you know, I never remove or removal expose you know, you know it's just those are my files if you know. By time someone wants to record everything I said if he wants to make a Netflix theory of it if he wants to write a book about it, it's all recorded you know. I don't remove anything so it's all there. So shout out to this trend guy if you're here let us know who you are so this train guy he found it so okay.

00:07:57
So this is now what I want you know what I don't get is you know there are some you know let me go back four years because I need to explain you guys this into details you know. I was surrounded by a lot of wealthy People I was surrounded by, you know people that made huge amounts of money, huge amounts of money. Um, the team are one of those. So, basically, what happens is, what happened was, at some point, you know, by me seeing how people, you know, not wealthy retailers getting wrecked, some even with their 500 bucks capital or $1,000 capitals or whatever. And I was seeing them how they, you know, they kept destroying them over and over again.

00:08:44
The reason why I came into social media, why I'm making this live stream, why I'm on the social media platforms is because of you guys. And I'm talking about, I know that most of you guys here are also wealthy, but let me tell you about the ones that are not wealthy. Because of the weak, you know, that's just, God made me like that. I always stand up for the weak. Because when I see that the strong demolish the weak, you know, the fire in me goes up. And, you know, that's why I came onto Twitter. By time, unfortunately, what you see is you've got these retailers in crypto and in financial markets, you know, that are trying to make a living with $500,000 bucks, $10,000 bucks, whatever.

00:09:32
But you've got also this other group, these gold diggers. What they do is these cockroaches, you know, that's why I call them cockroaches. They, you know, they come from maybe, you know, the whole capital is not even 50 bucks. Or maybe they're just too cheap to even spend like 10 bucks on whatever. and you have also this super super greedy people that are only only you know only it's like you know i want to make money now i need to log i need a signal i need this you know it's like drug you got these people also so what i did by time in those four years when i went in you know after a period of time i started focusing my way my style of educating and is is to not attract

00:10:18
these these hungry people you know this is you know they're like you know like like the like you know how do you say this in english you know they're like you know these guys are just you know these guys are lost for life you know there is no you cannot save these guys These guys, greed has eaten them alive. You know, if he will have like 1000 bucks today, he will go into some trade just to risk it. Maybe he'll win that day, but he will lose it the day after. These guys are gamblers. That's how I call them, you know, are gamblers. So while I was doing whatever it is that I'm doing, I tried to get, you know, I had to lose these, because these people are very bad.

00:11:03
For us, you know they distract me; they distract the retail firm; they instruct everyone, you know. Because these people, you can never teach those people to trade; it's impossible. These people, you know, you know, you know, you know. The big groups like you know, uh, crypto banter like Altcon Delio, like uh, like Alex Becker; these kind of you know, like this Martini guy; you know, there are a lot of them. Like call the moon, like 'mm' crypto; these this is the public for those people. They are you know. These accounts give them exactly what they need. And then you're surprised when they're wrecked a week after. Don't be surprised because the whole system is built from these big crypto accounts for those people. And unfortunately, most of the people are like that.

00:11:49
They follow these guys because they, you know why? They feed them the greed they need. Let me tell you this. If you're a salesman, if you're a very good salesman, if you want the easiest product to make money, sell greed to people. That's it. You know, what is the name of this guy? It was a Netflix series about him. This biggest, biggest policy scheme in the world. Off something with Hoff or something. You know, it was this Jewish guy. Uh, in America, that has scammed and had the biggest Ponzi scheme, he did the same; he was feeding people greed and he was feeding... guys don't be ashamed if you if you're a rule, but he was; he fooled the richest elites in the world, the richest elites all over the world; he fooled them with a Ponzi.

00:12:47
So what was it? Mud off, mud off or mad man off, man off? It was I think, yeah! If you didn't watch that series on Madoff, you should watch it. Because if you have been following me, listening to me, when you watch that series, there is a lot of stuff that will come into your mind. Oh, NW said that. Oh, NW explained that. Oh, NW said that, et cetera, et cetera. So let me get to the story. So by time, you know, I did everything for free the first three years; everything I did was for free. I never took a dime from anyone. But by time there were just too many cockroaches coming in and I couldn't handle them at some point. So, you know, I click them every time, but there are just too much.

00:13:35
So at some point I think, okay, I have to get, I have to lose this group of people because I cannot help them anyway. and that's when i started like doing you know if you want to if you want to if you want to join the fear that private you have to be trading a blow from b2x okay so that's step number one and then we after that happened the the live streams of youtube because also that was attracting a lot of these salty and bad cockroaches then i made this patreon i made this telegram okay whatever but still there's a small group small there is there is still a small group of stupid people and let me tell you

00:14:11
i'm blocking really every freaking one of those i just click i don't look back i just click blocked blocked blocked you know why i i really hate it when someone from my community uh is pointing out like something out of a context so what he does is he he he points out something what i said and then he forgets about the most important parties Am I shorting or am I longing this? Am I buying it or I'm not buying it? He's not telling you that. The only thing that he said is that they just put out one line out of a context. And they don't tell you the real story. But, you know, luckily for me, I never delete anything. Everything is recorded. So, this OM crap.

00:14:55
I was saying this OM crap is the strongest altcoin out there. And it was. You know, what do you want me to do? You want me to lie to you and tell you, oh, no. This is not the strongest altcoin, it was at that moment I'm giving you the facts at that moment you want me to lie to you no, just like I'm not gonna lie to you, something's gonna moon, I'm also not gonna lie to you if some this was the strongest altcoin out there, but is that the only thing, okay, is that the only let me put in more of them, let me put that, Is that the only fucking thing that I said? I chose OM into my 20 MW short fucking ETF.

00:15:49
I fucking chose OM out of like 10,000, 100,000 of coins. I chose OM for my short ETF. Why? Why would I do something like that? So, okay, so OM didn't, it was the only coin, by the way, in my whole short ETF, the only coin that was in red. But it also had to do with this Denmark partnership. But, you know, I also told you exactly, listen, guys, there is a reason why this, you know, OM was not on my short ETF because, you know, I just felt like putting it there. No. you know i'm no shiller i don't get paid for these kind of things i do i'm telling you it's i i even explained you guys into details why i think that that om will dump and dump hard at some point because i told you there were like 50 of the coins because i did i did research on this coin i told you they will research and there were like 50 of the coins you couldn't uh

00:17:00
you couldn't track them so i told you exactly in that in that vid they could dump those coins on the market anytime because they're nowhere to be found we don't know where they are and then i told you also even if mantra would say like you know no we gotta you know these coins are safe in the car i don't give a I just don't give a why are they there if you want if you really are honest, project you burn the out of them that's what you do so I told you by then that's not good so also I never ever ever buy coins that are at FOMO levels I just don't everyone knows this so this thing is on my short ETF this thing I explained you that this thing could dump anytime soon I told you that I never buy coins at tops and then you got these cockroaches coming in.

00:17:59
The strongest coin. It's not so strong. The fuck bro. Why are you pointing out something that I said. That was a fact. And then. But you're not showing the other facts. So you either just shut the fuck up or at least. The strongest coin told by Mr. MW has dumped after he explained us that this thing could dump anytime soon well it did dump He was fucking right again You don't have to say that I was fucking right but I was fucking right He was fucking right again and again and again And I'm telling you I forget about the times that I get it right again and again I just forget about them I forget that I explained to you guys this to be honest If it wasn't this trend guys if he didn't point it out when I said that I forget about it.

00:18:57
It's, you know, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's sometimes it's, you know, sometimes, you know, when you are, when you are, you know, I have to say this the best. How can I say this the best? Sometimes, you know, listen, what I educate or what I teach goes on very super high levels. And sometimes, you know, there are some people around me that tell me, 'Why are you spending time on these people?' Listen, there are some. Big groups, the team tells me this all the time. There are some big groups; really wealthy people go educate them because when they make a move, they at least make $100, 200, 500k million so you know these pay these people also pay you a lot of money for your knowledge and for your predictions.

00:19:40
The only thing that you have to do is just explain them how markets work and give them a little bit of a direction every time and you're talking about really millions of dollars. So go focus your time on those ones, why are you wasting time on eggs and on YouTube with these people that will they will you know, you can kneel like four or five years of addiction, you can save them a million times and then they will just spit on you the first chance they get. It is what it is, guys, and I'm not generalizing over here; I'm not saying that everyone does this because my retail firm are you know I love you guys and there are a lot of You guys, I trust you guys to death, and you've been with me for a long time, but unfortunately, these new cockroaches around us you know, now a lot of things I need to think about coming months really.

00:20:29
It's you know, you know, I've come to a point where I think to myself: 'What am I doing? What the am I doing? What the am I doing?' You know, what the f**k am I doing? That's what I, you know, a lot of times this comes into my mind. By the way, this is a big rug. So basically, what happened over here is that 50% gets dumped over here. And, you know, 50% is like a domino effect and then the rest will dump. This is really a huge dump rack. And, you know, I don't have access to my short ETF because the team, I don't know what they were doing. They were opening some new trades over there.

00:21:07
so i need to show you guys the pno i need to show but the pno was from over what was it five point five or six something around here i'll show you the pno but you know it's not about the pnl guys it's about the knowledge it's about the knowledge you know there was you know i was i was i was i was uh i was in a place and i saw a guy reading a book and then i went you know i stepped to him and i told him listen bro this this title likes me is this is it about trading he told me yes i thought well how is it working out

00:21:46
for you he told me well i read like seven books and this is my eighth well are you you know are you it was a book from a dutch guy i think yes some day trader he told me yeah this is a day trader well okay who is he so i did some research on the guy okay whatever and then you know so you're reading now his book okay so how are the how are these books helping you he told me they aren't so why are you reading them i like to read them it's like i'm like reading some love stories or roman or you know whatever okay you know i want to cry sometimes you really really really the tears want to come into my eyes i want to cry you know people are so stupid you know, I just don't get it, you know.

00:22:41
Maybe I'm an alien, maybe I'm just an alien in this world, you know. Maybe I'm an alien this one, maybe it could be, but you know it just you know. There was one guy, you know what he told me? I met him, uh, in a café and he was, uh, also also he was also reading Uh, Trading book, you know. Every time when I see someone reading a trading guy, step to him, and I talk to him; I just love it because I'm interested in, you know, what's going on in these minds? So this was like two months ago, and I asked him This was in what was that place called? It wasn't a very luxury hotel. In, in there, in the restaurant. I told him, 'Listen, bro then you know what he told me?

00:23:28
Well, no, and he told me actually uh, my, my teacher; he advised me to read this teacher, yes, he told me. I took uh, there was, I don't know who, I think he's American; he's here in Dubai, and he told me he's teaching me how to trade, so what do we trade? He told me, 'I trade a lot of indices and I trade a lot of commodities, oh great! So I told him, 'Not crypto.' He told me, 'No, I'm not trading that.' I told him, just out of curiosity. So how does it work? How is he helping you, this guy? Well, he told me it's very easy. So I bought the course. He told me for... what was it? $10,000 a year. And he'll get like, what was it?

00:24:10
I think two hours a week and he'll train him and help him. So I told him, how is it working for you so far? Well, I'm actually in a loss. How is that? Yeah, it's not because of him, because. he's really helping me and he's showing me really uh the good things about trading and everything but the markets are just uh you know globally going against us what the what you understand where i just want to start crying so this guy is paying someone ten thousand dollars a years and he is in a big loss and when you ask but how you will the markets are globally going against you what the are you paying that guy for

00:24:52
yeah well he's he's just teaching me uh how markets work and how they're simple i just you know i you know i just want i just want to cry i just want to cry you know it's it's just i want to cry you know i'm really really doing something wrong in this world you know i'm just doing something wrong you know but you know at the end of the road every freaking soul that i saved from getting wrecked and even if your portfolio is 100 or 500 as long as you're showing the respect and being humble and don't be a cockroach i love you and i will love you to death and you know and it's it's just it's just these momentums they come in and when they come in it just sucks so om um If you are wrecked on ROM, you deserve it.

00:25:52
So let me this so listen to me good: what I'm saying now, listen! If you are wrecked on om, you deserve to be wrecked. I hope you'll get wrecked even more because why? Because you're a cockroach that's why. So uh, that's basically the end of it. So okay, it's just, it's just what it is. So um, yeah, that's about om. So congrats if you're wrecked on om, I hope you'll get wrecked even more. I hope it will dump down to minus one or something like that because why? Because you deserve it! It is why do you deserve it? Because you don't fucking listen that's why. Because you know, because the greed, because you Know, you needed that shot, you know that that hearing so. You needed to get high, you know.

00:26:53
That's why you're wrecked now. Because if you would stay calm, you would listen so when I say sentence don't catch only the first step of the sentence and Listen to the whole sentence and then oh, yeah. Oh, oh and W. Yes. Oh, it's only short ETF. Yes Oh, okay. There must be a reason for that, oh uh, the wheels will probably dump it. Oh yeah, yeah, the tokenomics are a mess so 50 of the coins are not to be tracked. Oh yeah, yeah, they could dump it every moment and I could get wrecked, yeah, yeah. Okay, what does that mean? MW is shorting this coin; MW is saying that the tokenomics are good; MW is saying that the team is holding a lot of course that I could dump anytime soon and MW said okay, but it's for now showing us okay.

00:27:37
What does that mean? Okay, it means that whatever it is I'm doing in my life, I either gotta show this this coin or I'm gonna stay out of it. So that's that's what you should have done; but if you did the opposite, you deserve this. So congrats to you and you know congrats to you, but you know I feel for a lot of people that are not following me that were like going in and you know that don't understand markets or that wanted to counter trade me on my short ETF. Well, I feel for you guys. you know it is what it is it's just another day in crypto this is just another this

00:28:12
is normal for me you know a lot of people they will probably think you know this is normal guy this goes this could happen to any coin and that's why i show you only the coins where i think that there is really really a minimum risk of this happening so if you are going gonna see let me show so if you're gonna see in a couple of weeks or whatever if you if you're gonna see this one at the bottom over here don't be surprised because this is she this one this is just something it's it's not as bad as as as as om but this thing it's the same story so don't tell Me that I didn't warn you,

00:29:11
This is the same story. You know, I think that the only reason why this thing is holding is because a lot of retailers are opening shorts now. You know, if I would choose to be silent about this openly, I know that we would be already around 120, 140. The only reason why this thing is still here is because retailers are shorting it. That's the only reason. That's all. That's it. That's why it's there. You have to understand the game to make the game, if you don't understand the game, you will never make the game and I told you I'm gonna do the beginner's club and it will not be for free because there won't be one single cockroach or one nasty cheap greedy retailer will join that group, not one.

00:30:06
This will be paid, so if you want to join that, you have to pay for it, that's when I know that you're interested and that you're serious about trading and not some cockroach that is uh looking oh well you know what, NW is going to give me a training course, beginners and I'm going to get rich tomorrow because I'm going along a lot of stuff that he's going to tell me about that, not going to happen so and the elite trading group it's coming, the elite trading group it's coming, so uh basically, so this thing uh again, the only reason why this. Thing is holding is because a lot of retailers are shorting this and you know when they flush out the shorts when the balance is there, this thing will dump like a rock, and if retailers get even more greedy, they start shorting it even more; we might hit the red zone over here, but it doesn't change the end because the ending will be that this thing will dump like a rock.

00:31:09
So, if by any means this thing dumps-uh, pumps to the red zone, you have to understand that the only reason why it will pump there is because the shorts have to read; are you understanding this? Because I'm saying it now: you cannot read this freaking you; you cannot read. This is in a book, wait a minute,

00:31:40
you cannot read this in a book, you cannot, you can't read this in a book, what I'm showing you, what I'm telling you. But that's the only reason so when you know, when the people you know, when I told you about the marathon we wait, we wait, we wait, when they get exhausted, we jump in and we go just step by step, we are patient, we're not greedy, we don't care, we we have our system, we know how to trade this, we know how to how to protect ourselves, we know how to add to the position, we're just waiting for it, step by step, and then at the right time, we're gonna cash out, that's how we do it, that's how professionals do it, they don't. care even if this thing would go to three bucks they don't care

00:32:35
this elite group will be intensive trading courses okay um by the way for the these these elite trading courses will be also shared for everyone anyone trading on b2x or bluffing by the way so it's not that it's no paid group or whatever you know so it's just for me uh to finalize my work Okay, so let me go to the markets guys so the market market so I made a tweet at all I'm waiting for the last push and this is the last pushes over here and the most the most bullish case it's over here But you know, I'm not waiting for this one. I'm just gonna show you what do we got now? You know this circus globally with Trump and China, whatever.

00:33:18
No, let me let me explain you guys a little bit about that. So this Trump says, you know, the good news came out. And then, oh, well, no, I'm not sure if I'm going to talk. You know, it's just one big circus, you know. And my advice to you is don't follow what he's saying, because it will distract you from what's really going on. You just watch the charts, just like I did, you know, like I did over here. You see, I'm going to repeat myself. I predicted this top and I predicted this bottom into perfection. And this is about the most important. chart in the world worldwide so you got one sick from the netherlands living in dubai predicting this this machine into perfection maybe by time you guys will think oh well okay well whatever i'm double no this is you know this is mind-blowing then maybe 0 .

00:34:09
0000 . 1 of the world can do this so you know i wasn't listening to trump with his territory for rov i don't give a And that's why I'm also not going to give a fuck about what will happen over here. So yes, we had the bounce and I'm preparing for the retrace now. We had the bounce and I'm preparing for the retrace. So if they're going to push this thing up, if this is so at the highest level over here, if this thing going to push, I'm going to focus on shorts again. I'm going to take profits from my lungs. And now let me go through another story because something I'm also fucking getting so fucking annoyed by it is this fucking retailers. That follow me. MW, wait a minute.

00:34:55
You told us you were buying and now you're telling that you're going to show it. What are you doing, MW? What the fuck, bro? What the fuck are you talking about? You know how stupid people are. You know, I'm getting so annoyed of this. Oh, fucking, you know, I keep blocking, you know, I'm blocking people like crazy, you know, every time. So, you know. Let me explain to you, maybe these people are here in the live streams, I hope that you guys are here because now I'm going to explain to you why you're so stupid. So, these people what they do is this: over here, I start buying. Okay, I start buying. Okay, I started buying. Great, okay. So while I started buying, I'm making money.

00:35:42
So, these people-oh my, there was even one fucking cockroach. He made me so angry. You know, I'm going to block my DMs at some point. I think I have to block my DMs at some point. You know, first thing what I'm going to do is that only people that are checkmarked can DM me. That's the first thing. So if you want to DM, DM GTC Insider. Don't DM me. So the first thing, I'm going to do this today, by the way. Only people with checkmarks can DM me. So it's going to start there. And if it still goes on, then I'm going to block just everything. You know, I don't need any fucking DM anymore. If you want to DM, just DM the business account. Because you got these fucking people.

00:36:20
I make these fucking live streams almost on a daily basis. I'm explaining to you guys, just like I'm explaining to some little child. I'm explaining to you fucking guys, I'm buying over here. Okay, so you're buying over here. This fucking cockroach, he's DMing me. Listen, MW, you got me into buying because of you, I bought what? The bro I made you buy did I come at your home and did I push the buy level you cockroach? You bought in that's your own choice. I just showed you, I am buying. I didn't tell you to buy; I bought, I'm only sharing what I'm doing. I will never ever tell you what you have to do. If you want to throw yourself from a mountain, throw yourself on a mountain. I don't give a damn.

00:37:08
I'm only showing you what I'm doing. I'm buying over here. So, what you want to do is your own choice. You do whatever this you want to do in your life. You want to buy? You want to sell? You want to do nothing? You want to go off the markets? I don't give a what you're going to do. So, I'm showing you over here what I'm doing. This cockroach, he DM'd me. You made me buy over there. And now I am in like 50, 60, 70% gains. So, he's in game, this motherfucking cockroach. So, and now you're telling us that you're going to short and you're going to take profits. Why? Why are you doing this to us? What the fuck, bro? What the fuck? Wait a minute. Wait.

00:38:00
You know, these fucking people are crazy, you know? You know? So, basically what these people want, they want me because he's engaged and he wants to make more games. He's DMing me, wasting my fucking time to tell me why am I taking fucking profits. So, you know what? You know what? We're probably going to dump over here, but, you know, because of you. I'm not going to take profits and I'm going to get wrecked together with you. So we're going to get wrecked hand in hand. I'm going to give you a hug and we're going to burn and die together. So that's what he wants. Fucking cockroach. You know, it's, it's, it's really, it's, it's really, it's really, it's really, no, no, it's not about let them go. Crypto fury.

00:38:46
It's not about that, bro. Do you think that he's, he's, he's touching me? I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. But it's, I just click, I just block them. But it's interesting to me to see these people, how they are. These people are so sick. You know, they're all psychos. These guys are psychos. And, you know, it's also a confirmation to me that these guys will get wrecked, totally wrecked. This is why I said this a lot of times. Accounts like Martini Guy, call the Moon Emerald Crypt, etc etc., why they are so successful because of these people, these people make them successful because they feed them what they want, so guys, so first of all, so if this thing reaches these levels over here today or you know I'm gonna start preparing for some shorts and you know the shorts that I'm preparing are the ones that are at FOMO levels not the ones at bottoms, you feeling me?

00:39:45
The FOMO coins I will focus on the FOMO coins and you know that's when you guys gotta make the big bucks again so I see that my money is decreasing here so I you know I need to make some money back because of these cockroaches, I've been cursing but it's it's going over to charity, it's going to, so it's going, it's for a good cause, thank you cockroaches, thank you, that you know the poor children in the world and the hungry children are thanking you cockroaches for killing the bulls of MW. They're killing you. So guys, I'm preparing over here. I'm expecting a retracement. I need one more push up. I want one more push up. I want one more push up. I want one more push up.

00:40:33
And then this box is where I'm going to start preparing for. I'm going to take profits, by the way. A lot of profits, I think. i think 70 80 of my uh spotbacks and also for my loans i will take profits over here also from the long ETF by the way i'm gonna take uh like 70 80 out over here and let's see if this thing if they can push it up you know it's gonna be very difficult but you know it might be if the right momentum hits in we might get high but for me this is the level that i'm eyeing so it's very simple guys this is the level this level over here this is what i'm now eyeing for a big rejection

00:41:08
especially with the dxy at these levels guys especially with the dxy at these levels so you know uh this is what i'm this is what i'm expecting now and you know let me also tell well the bounce up you know was a little bit a little bit uh the bounce up was a little bit uh weaker than expected but that was because the trump news about china i will not contact channel china China is just saying, like, you know, fuck you, Trump, and fuck the USA. We exist 5 ,000 years before you, and we will exist 5 ,000. You know, they're right. They're right, you know. You know, I think Trump is really, really pushing too much on you.

00:41:54
and you know um you got these weak countries like europe like uh you know like like like canada like like like like australia like japan you know now all japan japan is another story but you know uh you've got these weak countries that you know trump please please you know oh please we're gonna fly over please don't with the bricks bro don't with with russia don't with china they don't give a about you you know you can print money all you want you might have the usd they don't give a about you you know they are these guys are prepared for anything you know so don't push it bro the no the don't push it don't push it and by the way very important also why i'm you know let me give you guys also an explanation why i'm expecting a rejection over here because it's very simple so uh we have this trading

00:42:49
terrorist wars they have been going on for a small period of time and some are still running etc but you have to keep in mind that you know this ain't good for inflation so what do you think with what are you expecting from the inflation numbers cpr numbers because what i think is you know you know the bomb exploded on the terror force but we didn't see the damage yet the damage could come after Because we also got these earnings coming up from a lot of companies and then you can tell me, yeah, well, Mw it's calculated in where is it calculated in because we're just 10 from all-time high, this was an all-time high and we're just 10 away from it, so okay, we came down 10 from the markets, okay?

00:43:33
Is that is that you know, is that a correction? Should we just make another all-time high from here? I don't think so. I think that a lot of numbers will come out coming weeks months that will not favor the markets. And also, you know, the biggest concern that I have, let me tell you what my biggest concern is. When I read in the news, retailers bought in most stocks in a decade. It's like someone shot me in the heart, you know. And then you see me just fall down. What? Retailers bought most amount of stocks last week. Look where we are. So, you guys know already, I don't have to explain, but you know globally, the world, so the world, the world. They just bought in super heavy-10 for ultimate or maybe even 15 if they were lucky.

00:44:31
Let me tell you this: guy, so I'm gonna repeat myself. Let me tell you this, this, you see, this one on October 22 when this rise; you know, do you know how much this is? By the way, this is 76 percent. Listen, guys, you see over here, this rise up retailers were not in it; you know why? Because the media was telling us that wars, inflation, stagflation, whatever rate highs-you know, everything in the world was a mess. So, everything was; you need to be scared. You need to be afraid. Everything is going to zero. You need to hide. You need to go into a bunker. You need to go and stock some groceries at home because, you know, maybe you're not going to see the daylight the coming 10 years.

00:45:25
That's the narrative over here. I think that most of you guys forgot about this. I didn't. I didn't. You guys probably forgot about this. I didn't forget about it. That's what they were telling you over here. Look at this. are you seeing this there wasn't even a big retrace it was just okay whatever so to get back to the story now over here is where retailers are buying so The same retailers that didn't buy in over here, that were afraid, they were hiding in the bunkers, you know? So the retailers that were hiding in the bunkers, where was it? 2022, where are you? Over here? Yeah, 40, okay. So the ones that are hiding in the bunkers over here, they came out of their bunkers and now they, you know, you know, you know, now it's time to buy.

00:46:32
So they start buying over here. The US market is dumped, you know? Kobe, she letter and all those news CNN Bloomberg etc. Oh, 10 trillion dollars have been wiped out, the markets so we're gonna dump okay, okay let's buy let's buy let's buy let's buy these guys are gonna you know let's just pray that I'll get it wrong for one time for the for the human race let's just pray that I'll get it wrong for one time but for now guys so I'm preparing I'm pushing, pushing this one I'm preparing for this uh how is Layer doing? Layer just like explained by the way guys Layer is just holding because listen the only reason why you're seeing this is because the shorts are open that's it guys there's you know this thing uh you know at some point I just forget.

00:47:27
About it until you see news, oh layer dumped with 80, you know the only reason why this thing is holding and you know it comes down a little bit; they need to rebalance, they call this, they call this, rebalancing, so they rebalance their accounts, and by accounts I mean the exchanges; they rebalance their their accounts and they need to rebalance, that's when you see those moves up just like over here, here but you also can see that, you know I made this box over here and and share it openly, and since I shared it openly there is not one one hour candle that that managed to close above it for now, so these these shorts are all printing and So, let's just see what's gonna happen next, but you know they're just, they're just, you know they're holding this coin.

00:48:17
It's it's it's just it's just it's just easy peasy. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. So um, a Bitcoin? Let's bitcoin. Same story just like the US markets. This is just you know we had one, two, three. So if this thing comes back to these levels already nothing changed. This is where I start preparing the shorts and closing the logs, so I don't care if this thing goes up even to this box. I don't care; I'm focusing on shorts. You guys have to you guys have to you know. I've got a track record. When I say focus on longs, you guys have all seen what happens. When I say focus on shorts, oh my God, you guys have been seeing for like years what happens.

00:49:06
So that's just what I do. I choose my moments. Okay, over here I'm going to focus on longs. Over here I'm going to focus on shorts. It's that easy. That's it. And then you're going to see the P & L's. it's just so i'm gonna focus if we're gonna we gotta push up with the financial markets if we're gonna get into this zone i'm gonna you know i'm gonna prepare my shorts i'm gonna take profits it was a nice ride from here guys remember when i was yelling and then this is this is a special for the cockroaches you remember when i was shouting in my live stream bye bye bye you remember you freaking fucking cockroach that you are bye bye

00:49:54
you see what happened after it oh oh these guys do this because these cockroaches i don't know why they join me just get the out of my world you know don't follow call the moon or my mom crypto they will give you what you need just get the out of here bro get the out of my my live streams and on my twitter get the out of here i don't need you so um Let's see, let's see, let's see. So that's about that. So where do I got more? Where do I got more? Where do I got more today? So, oh yeah, the DXY, DXY, DXY, back to DXY. Guys, you cannot imagine how important this is. This is so fucking important.

00:50:36
This is so fucking, you know, it's not showing any power over here, but you know, it's holding the line for now. You cannot imagine how important this is because now we're going for the double. You see this? So this was the dump. Now we're going for the double, you cannot imagine how important this is. This line is is it gonna hold is it gonna you know are we going to get the double boom and then up from here? Um, keep this in mind, you see this I explained this to you guys already, please tell me that you understand this so you got you know the dump-up confirmation of support and then we go up. Please tell me that you did. Please tell me that you guys understand this.

00:51:16
By please, please tell me that you understand. What is this 10, 000 to the box till now I don't understand only what you mean by that. I'm sorry, bro. Good morning, fam. Good morning. I missed the tea conversation, but I can put my vote for nice turkey. I love Turkish tea. I drink a lot of Turkish tea. My dad makes the best one, so come on. I, I you know I, I drink a lot, you know, bro. I love Turkish food also, so you know. I, I'm you know. You can find me in any any Turkish restaurant out there. It's just what it. is i love turkish food i just love it i love your breakfast i love everything you know i mean i love turkish Oh, the charity? I don't know.

00:52:06
I didn't count it. I know, but it's a lot of them. It's a lot of them. Let me, it's all part of the plan. I don't know what plan you're, you'll need a bigger job. I don't know guys, but it's getting filled. What is it? He's fucked up in his emotions. I don't know who you're talking about. He's fucked up in his emotions. Okay. The whole stage and they all pay actors, yeah it's just what it is, uh whatever. I got mind blown, get me some of that tea! What tea? What is mind blowing you guys are speaking in coach today? I really don't get it, I don't get the what you're talking about. Some movies are not for kids, so same with your trading videos.

00:52:54
You should definitely continue making those sewing videos, riff pop always in the house, riff up! This this guy by the way, guys has been with me for a very long time, this is this guy is really uh 200 you know? I'll just put the whole package that I brought with me in the button jar, guys uh argo. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go let me give a look at argo, let me give a look at argo, let me let me let me check argo. Let me check. You know, I really have no clue what these people are sick. You know, sometimes, you know, I ask myself, why am I even giving these people a stage or talking about them? But you know why I talk about them?

00:53:42
Because I want to make them as an example for the futuristic ones to not make the same mistake. Because, you know, so if you think that you can just come in and do your sick stuff. That simple, I'm gonna block you, I'm gonna block you, bro, so just just that you know it, so if you're, you know, if you feel wrecked if you got a wrecked or whatever it is, the greed took over. Just don't come waste my time, but I'm, you know, the first thing I'm gonna do is only people checked, people with check marks, they will be the only ones that can DM me, that's the first thing I'm gonna do. So

00:54:23
Argo is Argo, this thing uh this thing this isn't uh this is by the way fundamentally strong altcoin by the way, uh so I already said this yesterday, this is fundamentally a strong altcoin and you know I missed this bump to be honest, I didn't buy any Argo, so you know, I cannot buy them all, I cannot own them all, so it's just what it is um yeah, what let me see what is my opinion about this one now let me give you guys my opinion um, you know what a nasty job a lot of dumps also on this coin they love to dump this coin, you know, I know, you know, I think that I saw this coin this Coin getting shield by a lot of shilling people, but do you know how I'm seeing this chart?

00:55:24
I'm seeing this chart just like a it's like I'm looking at at the VIX. You know, spend a lot of time over here and not a lot of time at the top so it gets dumped. You know, this chart reminds me by the way of uh, like bake, like bake. Also, like this, when they pump, they pump it hard, and then when they dump it, just look at this boom, boom, boom! Some greedy people are over there at Argo, so these guys are really greedy. They you know, they you know, they just go up and then yeah, just dump it down like here, like here. So um, yeah, it's a good one, uh, yeah, this. You know, this might be one of those coins to short, uh, the fundamentals look it wouldn't be my first choice to short this coin to be honest.

00:56:20
It is my first choice, but how much did it, how much did it, did it bump? Oh, that's a lot, six-six, so many, okay, okay, yeah. This I think that this could be one of those uh shorts that you can take because of the pump not because of the tokenomics or whatever. So this coin is looking pretty solid, um, and I think if it comes towards the 37, yeah, you can start opening shorts using the indicator, you can make some money on this coin, I think, yeah, I really think that you can make some money on this coin, um. Okay, I'm going to do one more for more lead elk. You want me to do elk what's going on with elk over here

00:57:11
also same story oh nice but you know these coins, you know I love you know I'm gonna be super honest with you guys, you know when coins like alt pump you know coins like you know like like this uh that we argue pump you know these are coins where the tokenomics are just healthy and you know uh they're most of the times also solid projects or projects that try to change blockchain technology whatever work or whatever so you know when I see those pumps I really get, not like a layer. So I love these pumps because these pumps is the only hope that we still get in crypto that fundamentally coins are still gaining some momentum going up. So real people that want to build will be companies.

00:57:57
But at the end of the race, it's all about money. It's all about money. So they can dump it. If Tesla can dump, everything can dump. That's what I always say to those moon believers that believe that everything will go, a coin can never go down or whatever. I always give them this example. If Tesla can dump with 60%, 70%, 80%, why would your altcoin not dump with 70%, 80%? Just give me that explanation. Is your crypto project better than Tesla? I think you'll probably find enough chasers that will make you believe that. You know, that's how sick, that's how sick, you know, crypto space is, you know, and people that follow all these shillers and follow all these big crypto accounts.

00:58:49
They can make you believe in a project more than that you would believe your wife, your son, your father, your mother. That's how deep they go, you know. And, you know, the only reason why they can get to that level is because of the greed. Because that you know they sell it as greed and when they sell it as greed then you, you believe every if they will tell you okay well you have to become you know are you are you homosexual or heterosexual i i'm homosexual okay you have to become heterosexual tomorrow and then this call will go up you you you'll just yeah what are you do you believe in god no i don't you have to believe in you just do it this is the greed part you know this greedy part makes you do things that you would never do.

00:59:33
And, you know, everything that is logically in your mind, everything that you're proud, your dignity, everything in your body that makes you the person that you are, greed can change that. That's how dangerous greed is. Suppose that, you know, a lot of people that know me, suppose that I would start selling greed. I think a lot of people, they know me, they know who I am, they know what I do. But if I would sell greed, I would be the most successful influencer in the world. Because why? Because I deliver. If I would sell greed, I also deliver at the same time. So if I tell you, okay, you can be greedy, short this, I'll show you how to short it.

01:00:13
I'll show you exactly what levels you have to go in, out, and I'll show you, and I'm going to deliver. So I'm going to feed you the greed, but I'm going to deliver it also. I'll be the number one influencer, shiller, uh, selling reading the world, uh, you know, I know, I know, I know, I know for one million percent that's gonna happen, I just know it. But people are weak, people are weak, so, when you see that you're falling for some kind of crap or getting wrecked at the end of the story, it's always greed. Do you remember what I tweeted about yesterday when I was telling you on Twitter? I told you: listen about that book writing a book, etc. So um, what was it? What did I tweet something with greed?

01:00:57
But you know, greed is also it's always about greed. You know, I'm greed's biggest enemy in the world. That's why I keep naming my predictions. I love you. Have a nice one. Thanks, all for watching until the next one, guys! The end conclusion for today is: Let's see if we're gonna get a little bit of push-up. I'm preparing for the shorts I showed you the levels and I'm shorting it; and you know, if there is something, I'll update you on Twitter. I love you all for the ones that have been DM'ing their UIDs trading on Blofin and Butanex. We will check them in the coming days, and you'll be added and getting access to the leverage trading course vids. Have a nice one. Thank you for watching, and bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 04-16-2025 Why Korean Traders Are Moving the Altcoin Market (And How to Ride the Wave) *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, and welcome again to the Crypto. Welcome RitaFam, RitaFam, welcome, welcome, welcome. Salsra is with us in full force, in full force. She has been sleeping a lot, she told me, so, so. Welcome, welcome Salsra, and welcome RitaFam. korea it's all about korea today so uh what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna give you guys some music and after the music we're gonna dive you're gonna talk about the koreans it's all about the koreans today how they're impacting the the the crypto market out there bumping a lot of altcoins how krw is also ramping up altcoins so this is super bullish by the way for several altcoins and it's also the reason why it's so important that we keep I know I already shared this like I think a few weeks ago I told you the focus is all on freaking Korea and you know Argo we had just some news that it's also going to get listed on Binance first of all I don't even understand why Argo wasn't

00:01:00
already listed like ages ago on on binance because argo is in my opinion just a solid project you know they do whatever it is that they do just like silica just like beach and etc etc and it was a low market cap and you know the push is coming in and you know it's you guys know how it works it's just one big ponzi you know they'll ramp It's up and then they're gonna dump it down so uh we're now in the pumping phase and we're gonna talk about uh how to read them, how to find them, what to do, what not to do, let the music run.

00:02:49
Thank you.

00:03:29
okay okay thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much thank you so much. Do I got? We got we got Dabrick, Daniel Francis Lucas Salman Nicholas Ashton B, Pep straight up Nicholas Pedro Abracadabra Crypto Fury; we got Alpiman, we got uh Andrea, we got Scott Kieran Kira Chrisley, Scott Matija; we got Rob Irfan Jerry, we got Mark in the house. We got Benjamin. We got John Doe and Lena. We got Rack and Mama Dolly. Psycho. Psycho and Lars are over here also. Welcome, welcome, welcome. So before we're going to talk about whatever it is that we're going to talk about, we first have to watch the markets and see. So first of all, guys, I know, I know. You know, it's very simple. I know that you guys hate me.

00:04:22
And it's not only you that hate me because yesterday I've been receiving some, you know, some hate uh DMS not from retailers but from some content creators uh Onyx uh there were two of them by the way. So basically what they told me is: 'We love you they told me, 'Mw we really, really love you and why do you love me? We love you because you are about the best, you know, whatever it is that you're doing, you're doing it. The only problem that you have is that you don't own the marketing machine. I told them I know that already. So what's the message? What do you want from me? So they told me: 'Can you please stop harassing us?' Can you please stop calling us names?

00:05:02
Can you please stop calling us scammers? Can you please stop calling us shillers? Can you please stop whatever? And I told them, listen, I only point out the facts. And I give sometimes my opinions when they are not facts. And I rarely use names. But sometimes you know when there are things I say names and they told me, okay please stop doing that why uh because you just you know you know uh whatever do whatever it is I told them, listen bro let me tell you this I'm a nobody's paywall I do my thing just like I've always been doing it so if you guys can stop doing you know things like buy eth now I'll stop doing whatever it is that I'm doing so because you're wrecking people and you all know how you're doing it so, that was the first story, second story.

00:05:49
So basically, I told you guys I was, you know, I was bullish. Yes, I was bullish. I was bullish. And then I flipped bearish on the short term. And then also, you got these cockroaches. You got these retailers. This is why I'm bearish. So this is why I'm bearish. You know, instead of telling me, thank you, MW. Thank you so much for saving my ass again and again. And again, and again, thank you, MW, for making me money. Thank you. So these people that even are in this live stream, they tell me, why are you telling us that you're taking profits and that you're flipping short? Why? Well, this is why. Did you see me getting it wrong? No. Look, this is why. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this?

00:06:45
You know, I'm a trader. I'm no investor. I'm not you know whatever it is you want to call me, I'm a trader, and I'm not an amateur trader. I'm not a wannabe trader. I'm not a shilling trader. I'm not the paid trader. I'm a trader; I'm a professional trader, and I don't only trade this crap. I will trade everything in the world that's what I do for a living, that's who I am. You know, nobody gave me a bag of money and told me, 'Listen, MW, come, OK,' you know, let me take you to some fancy school and we're going to, you know, we're going to teach you how you're going to make money. No, I didn't go to any economic school. No, nobody gave me a bag of money.

00:07:23
You know, it was just with my own hard-earned money that I made and I invested it and I traded with it day by day. And that's how I become successful. Nobody has been holding my hand. Nobody has been making my life easy. In the contrary. people always making my life you know hard and difficult and they wanted to you know they they were always planning on you know we have to destroy these guys this guy may not be exposed despite me this guy may not do whatever it is that he's doing so i worked very hard i worked hard for like you know for a little like i told you this already like 16 17 18 19 hours a day i'm behind the screen doing my research doing training myself and breaking the code That's what I did.

00:08:04
And I'm successful now. And now these people come to me asking me, MW, can you stop doing this? I don't give a crap about any. You know, the only people that I care about are the ones that you're targeting. So, yes, I will keep remaining doing whatever it is that I'm doing. But I do agree with a lot of people. And, you know, I've gotten some, you know, three people, not a lot, three people. They told me, MW, please, please, please. Can you please don't swear? Too much. And, you know, I know that most retail firm members, they don't care if I swear because they just love whatever it is I'm doing. And they love the passion and they love just, you know, they got me. That's just who I am.

00:08:48
But I get it. I get it. So I appreciate the feedback. And, you know, I will try to not swear. And, you know, what I'm going to do is this. So I'm going to put 500 bucks every time I make a live stream and, you know, without swearing. So this will motivate me. So because I just don't want to swear. I'm going to be super honest with you guys. And the only reason why I swear is sometimes I get a little bit emotional. And, you know, when I see that people, you know, are getting it wrong, people are wrecking people, people are scamming people, paid shields are out there, retailers are going to get wrecked. Because you have to understand that I see things before they happen. I see things before they happen.

00:09:27
And, you know, because I see that. I get emotional. So a lot of people, they don't understand that I get emotional because what's going on with MW? Why is he getting so emotional? Because you guys are not seeing what I'm seeing. Because I already see that someone's going to get wrecked. I can see it from now. You know, based on his comment, based on what he's saying, I know, but this guy's in six, seven days wrecked. I know it already. So, but I promise you, and this is really, really a promise from my side. i promise i will do whatever it takes i will stop swearing and i will stop also start trying to

00:10:05
you know to get these streams a little bit more professional you know to get it a little bit you know by the way i'm gonna do the market of this on the opiate channel soon so it will be you guys are gonna see a little bit more correct a little bit more correct i know that you guys will probably say oh don't do it i have to do it guys it's just what it is so um and let me get back so you know yes so oh mw is bearish yes well this is the result are you seeing this because you know i said it already on my twitter page you can only judge me if i get it wrong so for the ones from the retail fair members that Were you know getting angry at me, I don't know why you're getting angry at me, it's like I'm on your payroll or you know you owe me something, whatever it's in the contrary, I'm making you money.

00:10:54
You know, just to think about it, someone, yeah, buy now. Yeah, yeah. I will not tell you about it, Buy now. But I bought with you. Okay, so, well, I'm in 60% profits. Okay, well, good for you. But I'm still angry at you. Why? Because 60, you know, it's not enough for me. I want more. You know, don't say that you take profits. Let it run. Okay. And now you're 10%, 20%, 30% down. Because why? Because the greed was talking to you. I'm a trader. This is what I do for a living. I kneel. I kneel. This is what I do. I kneel the bottoms and the tops. That's what I do. That's why most of you guys are with me. That's why you're following me. That's what makes you money.

00:11:36
That's the difference between being successful and a loser. It's when you can time the markets. It's all about timing. It's all about-if someone, and I'm talking about really someone who does research on my Twitter page and on my YouTube channel, if you would calculate how many times I knew in time, markets, there's nobody in the world that does like me. Nobody. And this is a fact. This isn't because, or maybe there is someone that is hidden somewhere I didn't see. So, to get back over here. So congrats for those, you know. I shared some shorts. Those shorts have been printing like crazy. A lot of money is made. So let's see what's going on now. So now what I'm seeing, this one, guys, I told you it's all about this one.

00:12:26
I've been saying this over and over again. It's all about this one. It's not that I'm just making predictions. I'm explaining to you guys how to make your own predictions. So this thing is holding for now so we had this rise up, this created a little bit of that red that I predicted, but it's it's it's now it's it's coming down again and you know and the markets are still dumping so it's it's you know the markets are not liking this, so what I want is to have this thing to go to this indicator, you know, I want this thing to rise up to the indicator just like you know you see like this one, Like this one went up from here to the indicator, You see the dump and then indicator.

00:13:03
I want the same for this one to happen, because this will create a little bit of momentum for the bulls, this will create for us a little bit of momentum to make sick money. And I'm going to show you in a moment about the Koreans, how we're going to make that money. Just wait for it. Just wait for it. Guys, this is the best you can get in crypto. You know, it's the best. And by the way, guys, before we started this live stream, I received a DM from the Korean, one of the Koreans. He told me, please, just don't. I told him, listen, bro, you're my friends. You guys are my friends. So I will never, never expose someone that didn't hurt me or didn't.

00:13:43
No, I'm just going to talk openly what's going on in crypto. Because it's also very remarkable. That I'm not seeing oh by the way I'm not following them so if you guys are following let me know but why are all these you know so-called shillers crypto content creators not talking about the Koreans I already told you, told you like uh what is it two three four weeks ago I told you listen guys it's all about the Koreans it's all about the Koreans they are pumping okay we've got also the syndicate pumping some coins no syndicate so for now crypto what is crypto the world of crypto is now based on. So we got Koreans, and we got the syndicate. That's it. That's crypto now. So this is also why I was yesterday.

00:14:34
Where is my Twitter account? Do I have my Twitter account over here? So I got my Twitter. It's a little bit small, so I don't know if you guys can see it. But, you know, I've been saying crypto. By the way, guys, a shout-out to Salsa for making this. Thank you so much. This is, you should listen to this. If you're in the car doing whatever it is you're doing, just listen to this. So, I can talk about this. I can talk about a lot. This, listen, these are the shorts. You know, I'm just saying, you know, we're going to talk about layer in a moment. Let me see. Let me see. Where was it? Where was it? Yeah, over here. This is it. This is the end. This was the end.

00:15:14
And this is, guys, this is so important for you guys. You know, I can repeat myself by saying, just listen, listen, listen. Listen, let me end by saying this. If you're wasting time on Facebook, if you, you know, I get it. I get it because I've been there where you guys are. I know it's very entertaining and you just, you know, although that they wreck you, they kill you, they lie to you, they scam you, they dump on you. You keep following them. I get it. You know, do you think that I don't get it? I get it. But this is my warning to you. This is how I want to wake you up. When you are watching these guys, I already said this before, they will; you don't even; you don’t; you know, if you are strong, just like I am, you’re successful, you’re doing whatever you can breathe.

00:16:01
Okay. You’re, you know, you’re immune to greed and to emotions. Okay. Just follow, watch them if that's what you like. But let me tell you this, they are the obstacle to your progression, to your. Uh, to your to your uh progression in in educating in learning, because why you're wasting time, you're wasting your there's nothing they can tell you or show. Listen, it's not about me; you can unfollow me right now just go follow anyone that is you know that doing it the right way. But let me tell you this: these guys there is nothing they can tell you that will make you money, nothing and really, nothing by nothing, I mean nothing, because why in the past, you know, before I blocked all of them, I watched them, you know, why?

00:16:53
I watch them because I'm a trader; because what I did was this: they had an impact on the market. So when for example one of them would say, 'Hey, he's by the way, he's getting wow when he was getting paid to show some point, so when he did that as a trader, what we did in the past together me and the team, and I can tell you, we made so much money with that; you cannot imagine what we did. The moment that they shielded what we did is – we market bought into the coin and we dumped at the same time, so the dump happened before because what happened, you know? You have to see it like this: so the ones that that that are paying for this, what they do is they hire these people.

00:17:36
These people, they shill it. Then it goes up. But the same people that paid the ones to shill it, they are already having their sell orders ready because they are going to dump. So I'm not even saying that, you know, the shiller is dumping. It doesn't matter who's dumping. If he's dumping it or the ones that paid him to shill it, it's going to. They are going to dump it on you. So, well, you know, while the buy, while people, the followers start buying, the other ones, they don't. So what we did, we did the same. What we did was just wait. Okay. He shielded. And then, you know, we market-bought in because we couldn't-we couldn't buy because we don't know what he's going to shield.

00:18:16
So we couldn't, you know, the other ones that are paying, they already bought in before he's going to shield it. But we couldn't do that. So what we did. we bought in you know we went into some crazy high internet speed so we were very fast so we were the foot because on youtube you've got a lot of you know you've got like this two three percent of of you know three two three percent of of delay a lot of people we we didn't have we calculated that in we had you know we had the best stream you know so we heard the coin like one two or three percent before most of the people did and you know that's what we did so

00:18:54
and then and then we market bought in you know a lot and you know at the same time when the people started buying and then the price goes up sometimes 10 20 30 but if you do that on a 30x 40x and you dump it market at the same time because there are enough buyers out there and then you see the price coming down so we did this like you know we did this like um uh i'm not gonna call names so we did it with like four or five accounts and we did it on daily basis So this was the crazy time in crypto where You could really, it's that simple. You have smart money, you have dumb money. Don't be dumb money, please, guys. Because, you know, it's not happening now.

00:19:32
So when it happened, so, you know, the only reason why we watch these accounts was because they had an impact. They don't have that impact anymore. And, you know, you've got also more like, you know, like Zach and et cetera. They're always, you know, watching these guys. So, you don't have, they don't have this impact anymore. So, while they don't have the impact. They're worth nothing to me, but why would I watch them? What are they gonna tell me that I don't know already? It's it's it's just that simple. So, uh, it's it's it's really guys, that's why I'm telling you. Crypto is a dark, it's really as dark as it gets. You guys have no that's why.

00:20:12
Also, uh, some people who know me from the past while I was trading, I did some sick things in my crypto, but I never ever ever ever uh hurt any of the retailers. I was always fighting with the wheels and the scammers and trying to wreck them, and to fight against them. That's the big difference between me and them, and you know. But I did some sick things. So this is what I just explained, you know? What I just told you is just this is just a small thing for many things that I did. That's that's why um when you follow me I'm only focused on making money. You know, I'm always looking to break the code, to break the system, to find an entry, to see, you know, I need to find the structure.

00:21:01
What's going on? You know, just like we did, just like we did on, for example, by analyzing the US 500, just like we're doing on analyzing Bitcoin, just like we're doing analyzing the DXY. Do you think that I like it to watch the DXY? Well, okay. Let's go sit and watch a DXY or whatever. No, because why am I focusing? If you see me giving something a lot of time, know that this chart is going to make me a lot of money. Otherwise, I wouldn't chart it. I'm not charting DXY because I like it. DXY is one of the most boring charts to watch.

00:21:42
yeah i mean you definitely if you don't know what you're doing in crypto and especially if you are following certain accounts uh these guys are killers these guys destroy you if you don't know what you're doing bro it's you know if you don't know what you're doing they destroy and they will still destroy till the day of the day they're still doing the same they're just doing it a little bit differently now but you know to be honest i'm going to be super honest with you guys you know i don't watch one second of anyone out there i don't because i just don't own the time to do so i'm so focused on my own job on my own work on my own you know what are they gonna show or tell me what i don't know already you know maybe but but again i see things differently from you guys you guys have to find out

00:22:35
maybe maybe it's good you just keep following those guys you're gonna get wrecked wrecked this is you know remember when i told you i can see things happening from now this is one of them you're gonna get wrecked or maybe most of you guys are already wrecked by them but some still keep going on you know okay they wreck me one two three four you know it's just like it's Just like you know, I can give you guys a very short example then we're gonna go back to the charts but but this is very important for me because This is how I can get to your minds. Because you guys are like hypnotized. But I need a way to get you out of that hypnotized. So let me tell you this.

00:23:09
How many of these accounts released meme coins? Their own meme coins. How many? A lot of them. Where are those meme coins now? They all went to zero. So you're wrecked. That's number one. Let me go a little bit before it. You got the NFTs, you got a lot of accounts selling whatever NFT out there, where are those NFTs now? Same story, zero, before that cycle we had the gaming coins, everyone gaming this and you know partnerships and everyone's okay, we're connected to this and that, and this gaming coin is going to, you know, it's got utility. Everyone in the world is going to play it. It's going to be the new early birds, whatever bird out there. And, you know, you're going to get rich. Where are those gaming coins now?

00:23:57
Zero. There was only one person that was warning you about this past decade, past years. It was me. Me. And why? Because. I know how crypto works. I know what happens behind the scenes. I know who these guys are. I know how they think. I know who's paying them. I know what they're saying and when they're saying it and why they're saying it. I know it. I'm the only, not swear, MW, don't swear. I'm the only one that is trying to explain you that. I'm the only one trying to teach you. I'm the only one trying so when they are talking that you at least understand what they're saying. So it was just like on the financial markets that I tweeted about. Every time when they release something, I give you the truth behind it.

00:24:46
I give you, you know, I give you my glasses. This is how you have to see that. Oh, you know, oh, that's bullish. No, no, no. Put on my glasses. Oh, that's the real story behind it. That's how you have to see it. You know, that's my talent. That's what I do. That's how I make money. That's how I make a living. You just have to listen. Enough about that. Enough about that. You know, you know, I can, you know, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I know for sure that Helena or Salsa will make another, another, another, another, another, another, another nice short video about what, about this past 10 minutes or 20 minutes. I know.

00:25:23
And, you know, but, you know, you have to keep in mind, you have to keep in mind that, that, that no matter how many of you guys. Are you aware that they are sharing reposting this this is post and you know these warnings for my side? You have to keep in mind that they will do whatever it is to silence me so also X, they ghost my posts; they make sure whatever it is just as you know. But you know we are now you know I discussed this today. We are now going to take things a step further because maybe if X is, if Grok is that great in blocking my posts everywhere, giving them exposure. So we got to use now other platforms. We need to get onto Instagram.

00:26:09
We need to get on TikTok. We need to get on, you know, YouTube shorts. We need to get on whatever it is, Telegram groups. We need to get into Discord groups. We need to get into a lot of stuff. to grow the retail fam and to get bigger so uh so the dxy by the way guys this is just ranging over here so this is uh this is important level this is the make or break but you know for me for me i want this thing to get back i don't know gonna take maybe two days three days four days a week i don't care i want this thing to get back into the indicator so that's about that and this one you know um

00:26:44
over here where's my indicator why is it not on the screen oh there it is so this one is just you know we had hit one one two three and that's how we gonna we are making money this is you know do you think that there is any account out there doesn't matter if it's dr loss or doctor whoever it is do you think that anyone gives you this alpha short over here long over here take profits over here short again over here do you think that there is anyone telling you this I don't think so. So let me get to the next one. Let me go to Bitcoin. Bitcoin for now, look at this, guys. Look at this, guys. Look at this. So we broke. Look at these candles.

00:27:21
This is just, you see these candles. By the way, Bitcoin is above the Indies, so we're still finding momentum over here. But, you know, these rejections that you're seeing over here, this is just Wall Street pushing the price down. You know, I've got another theory about Bitcoin. I know that you guys like this theory of mine. I know, I know, I know that you guys. You know, you like my theories, you know. I know. I'm crazy. So, China is doing business with Russia and using Bitcoin or crypto or whatever. Let's say that they are using Bitcoin. I know. Is that bullish or bearish?

00:28:05
Let me tell you how I see it. If I knew, if I was Trump, And I saw that, you know, that Russia and China are using Bitcoin to do business together on the blockchain. If I was Trump, I would make sure that I would destroy that blockchain and destroy that Bitcoin. Because why? Because the number one currency in the world is the DXY, is the used dollar. So we know that the BRICS is coming and the BRICS is doing whatever it is. Do you really think I think that Trump, whatever it is that he's planning, whatever it is that they're doing, whatever it is that they are, whatever. The big plan is we need to save the US dollar. The US dollar needs to keep its domination in the world.

00:28:53
So if Bitcoin is a danger to the US dollar, Trump will make sure that he will attack Bitcoin. He owns a lot of Bitcoin at this moment, Mr. Trump. And you know, and then you guys will read like, oh, well, he's going to make a reserve. Let's go to the moon. And then you dump 90% on your alcohol. But that's, you know, that's, again, how you got your glasses. I've got my glasses. You know, you've got your glasses. I've got my glasses. You see, okay, Trump's going to make a reserve, so we're going to go all in. And I've got my glasses. Okay, I'm going to open up my short ETF here. That's how I see things. That's how you see things, how I see things. It's just different.

00:29:30
It's not the same. So, in my opinion, this China and Russia using Bitcoin to do business together is super bearish because this is forcing the USA to attack. And let me tell you, I've said this already because China also owns a lot of Bitcoin, by the way. But let me tell you this, guys. I think that the ones that are ruling the Bitcoin price is not China or Russia. It's the USA. usa rules the bitcoin price and you know the only thing that i can say i already said this this is very important i'm saying now our only hope that you know that we're gonna get a lot of altcoin bull runs that we're gonna make life-changing money on altcoins don't rely on usa will not happen the usa will don't happen they will not give you the outcome rallies they will not give you the The life changing money.

00:30:32
It's not going to happen for me. You can hear all crypto being the new capital. We've got to make it. Okay, you believe that crap. I don't believe that crap. China is the only one. China. China is the only one. If China would open up its markets, crypto. OK, the alarm goes off. You see, I say 'I say' China and then the alarm goes off. Crazy, these guys! So, listen, guys, so China, if China would open up crypto for it, because you have to see like this: we are going to talk now about about about the Koreans, only a group of Koreans. They are pumping several altcoins into whatever and let me tell you, this Korean is degens and you know they are gamblers; they like to go, you know, a Korean can go on some some some shit coin, he can go all in, he can risk his all, You know, all the money that he owns in his whole life, he can risk it on one outcome.

00:31:30
Because these guys, they've got this, you know; they've got this, you know, they've got this, they've got this. It's this gamble addiction. It's just what they are. Imagine, because the Chinese are worse than the Koreans. Because the Koreans learned this from the Chinese. The Koreans are, you know, the Koreans are just 10, 20% from how the Chinese are. So just imagine, imagine that Mr. Xi will open up the altcoin market for his citizens, for China. Just imagine, imagine that will, you know, the first coin that I will go all in on is VeChain. I love VeChain, by the way. If he would do that, I would go all in on VeChain. Let's go. And, you know, you have to see it like this. China is not the same as America.

00:32:28
You know, in the U. S. A., they tell you A and they do B. They tell you B, they do C. They tell you C and then they do D. China is not like that. China, if they tell you A, you can go with A. You know, let's go with A. That's the big difference. If China will tell you A, just go with A. They don't. have often these hidden agendas just like you know the west and europe and and america has and listen guys i'm not here to talk politics you know i don't give a freak uh i'm not sorry i don't give a crap about you know china west east i don't you know that's not my place my place is read markets that's my thing so uh so uh about that so we got uh dominance by the way guys look at this okay enough enough it's about koreans

00:33:17
koreans who are you come over here koreans so first of all i showed you guys this point look at this guys look at this so uh basically this thing uh uh i got a dm from one of the retail members he he told me about he told me listen i'm w listen this thing is uh you know uh the koreans are on it so first of all yes yes you gotta you know you guys are over Here I'm going to teach you guys how you can find out uh if it's the Koreans that are pumping something. It's very simple; it's no science-you just have to know it, so I'm going to show you now. That's why I opened up my Safari page, I'm going to show you now how you can know if a coin is you know getting pumped by the Korean, so very simple.

00:34:03
So what you do is you go over here to Coin Market Cap, uh let me use Argos over here for example. So you go over there, everyone has got Core Market Cap by the way, so you just go and click on it. So when you click on it, if you are doing it on your mobile device, you'll see markets. You can click on markets, then you get this one. So then you go to volume, you go to volume, not just the percentage, this volume 24 hours, click on it. And then it will show you, it will rank it from the biggest, you know, the highest volume. So the volume is 60% of Argo. It's against this Korean currency.

00:34:44
60 percent is coming from a bit so this is how you can recognize this is how you can recognize this is how you can recognize if the Koreans are pumping something because I'm I can show you for example another call for example layer, layer if we go to layer look at layer who's pumping layer it's very simple also over here volume click on it boom 30 it's layered KRW. So it's, you know, Upbit is a Korean exchange, and they are, you know, there are big groups of Koreans together. It's just like on Bitfinex. There are big groups, but they are degens. So they are, you know, it's at this moment what we are getting is this. Altcoins that are really pumping making like 5Xs, 10Xs out of nothing it's either the Koreans or we got the syndicate.

00:35:40
So it's the syndicate. All right so. At this moment if you are bullish on crypto you shouldn't be bullish on crypto because there is no money flowing into crypto. We just got these two groups. We got the Koreans and then we got the syndicate. These are the only two in the world pumping altcoins at this moment. There's nobody else. But that's very logical because the real big money, the biggest money that is the biggest money that will pump a lot of altcoins. And, you know, that in combination with the syndicate and the Koreans could be explosive. Those are these ones, you know, these ones that are waiting for dominance to top out. And that's why you get this, you know, when Bitcoin starts flipping into altcoins. That's why you get the biggest, biggest gates.

00:36:25
But for now, for now, we got the Koreans and the syndicate there. Oh, this thing hits the 72. Oh, this is really massive. This is really massive. So look at this thing, how it's ramping up. So Argo, if you know, this thing keeps going up. By the way, guys, I think that Binance is listing this thing. So let me get back to my story. first of all i was you know i was talking with with salsa about this before the stream was you know you know i was talking about it and she told me wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute she told me uh let me let me first of all tell me what uh tell you what i told her i told her listen listen um uh argo you know while one of the read phone numbers they dm me that the corners are pumping it the first thing you know i thought to myself okay wait a minute

00:37:19
is this thing available in binance it wasn't so when it when a coin is not on binance so you have to be very careful because this coin could pump very hard so um social did you want to say something yeah it's like it's gonna list gonna be listed in about one and a half hours trading on binance so so basically okay thank you so much so it's got to be listed you know in an hour two hours or whatever so they are pumping it now you know this is just that listing pumps But let me tell you this, these Koreans have been pumping this Argo for, you know, maybe even together with the Chinese. But it's Upbit that is, so Upbit is the Korean one, so the Koreans are pumping this thing.

00:38:03
You see, look, Argo, you know, over here, volume. So there you are. There it is. 60% of the volume is on. Is on Argo so guys again and again and again be very careful and you know but now comes the thing okay, I'm okay. How are we gonna make money? So when you're gonna make money, I'm gonna show you how to make money because now, okay enough, enough, enough, I'll now you have to show us how we gotta make money because we wanna make money. I'm gonna show you how to make money; I'm gonna show you exactly how you're gonna make money. So first of all, what you need to do is this: if a coin is if a coin is um. So, like, you're going to see that the volume hits it.

00:38:51
That's the first thing. And then you're going to see, for example, you can see it a lot of times on these ones. Let me put it; I don't think that Argo, Argo. Here's Argo on the second page. So you can put it on an hour when you see, like, big bumps, you know, like now. You see, Argo just made 30% in an hour. It's crazy; it's madness in an hour, this thing. But this is just Koreans doing this. But how are we going to benefit from this? So what you have to do is. Because Argo has been pumping for example from these zones already so this by the way guys Argo made almost a 15x in what is it in a week that's crazy money guys that's really sick money but so first of all what you're gonna do is when you see the volume hidden So, and you think, okay, wait a minute.

00:39:38
Okay, you go into CoinMarket, you've got to check, okay, it's the Koreans. Okay, when you know it's the Koreans, you know that the price could pump up very hard because these Koreans, they are really, these guys are really degents. These guys can pump this price up very hard. And that's how you can make the 10x, 20x only on a spot bet. But now comes the thing, but you know, they could also dump on me. No, they cannot dump on you. You know why they can dump on you? This is it, ta-da, because you got the MW indicator. Because the Koreans respect my indicator. They respect it. That's what they do. They respect my indicator. So as you guys can see over here, this is when it happened. Bang. Back. Okay.

00:40:13
Rump up. Back. Rump up. And then it never came back again. Yeah, this one came a little bit close. But you can also trade it under one hour. Look at the one hour. This is madness, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Rump up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Over here, this is coming up and up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Even over here. Up. And then, because this what you see a lot of times, you see this like this: scammy down, up, and then they hold it above the indicator, and then and then they're romping up again. Also, over here, by the way, it's the same story, because over here, over up, up, back, back, up, back, back, up, so basically what you need to do is this: what you need to do is this.

00:40:48
First of all, what you need to do, you need to find these coins that are you know um by the Koreans. Well, we are here, Salsa is here, and we got retail phone members over here. So when we see this happen, when we see this happen, we will inform you. Okay, uh, most of the times what you're gonna see is this: so uh you. you're gonna see you're gonna see like uh you're gonna see you're gonna see uh you're gonna see uh the name of the coin and then you see the Korean flag, so when you see the name of the coin with the Korean flag, you know, okay, it's time for me to go hit in. And by the way, how you can also...

00:41:24
I don't know if Samsung wants to do this, but um. When we do our top 10 altcoins on volume, we might add to them a Korean flag behind the ones that are getting traded on, are getting pumped by a bit. Yes. So you can get that also. And when you do that, forget about your wife, forget about your girlfriend, forget about your husband, forget about your friend, forget about your dog, forget about your pet. I don't care who it is. Forget about it. Your best friend is the indicator. the indicator you just need just put it on the screen put on your trading platform you got you got like maybe you got like two screens or you got on your phone put on blowfin or b2 next okay let's go okay put on the indicator where are we okay the volume update is on okay let's go okay is it above it okay let's go because you know that the movement it will move but you have to you have to be

00:42:18
on the screens because they can dump it very fast also so don't go risk and stop losses will not help you a lot when they dump it very fast so you have to always keep in mind that when they dump it they will probably romp it up again that's just what they do but this is in the in the bullish case there's also a bearish case just like for example bera was also one of those bera bera you know bera was one of those korean coins you know they because you see this They will hit the reverse button. I know that they're going to do it. And they're going to make sick money. And the thing is with these upbeat guys, when they push the reverse button, they push it together.

00:43:02
They got to push this coin. When they do it, they do it together. So it's just one group. It's just one group. They play. When they play, they play together. So this is something to keep in mind. So, so, what did we learn today? We have to keep an eye on the coins that are up at on high volume, so you can also do your own research on that way, you don't need us, uh, just go look for the coins that are getting you know, can follow them also on Twitter, but you have to look for the coins that are getting you know, when you see the height, for example, when you see the high volume points, you guys can go check for yourself, just go to CryptoOver Here, okay?

00:43:37
We've got one GTC inside, we've got to turn, okay, let me check them one by one, which one is uh getting pumped by a bit because when you see a bit and you see that you see that it's it's trading against key way, you know that those digits will probably gonna pump it up. So that's about that. Let me see. Also, there was something with the syndicate. Syndicate is very simple. Syndicate has got its own coins. For me, the ones that are worth watching is Giga and SPX. So let me give a shout out to myself for calling this top again. It's madness, I know that's just what I do. So from the moment I told you, OK, guys, it's time to take profits, since then, the syndicate.

00:44:20
Uh, you know maybe the syndicate just listens to me also you know they are just like you know and W says it's time to dump okay maybe maybe maybe the syndicates are my friends maybe I don't I don't know maybe they are maybe they are I don't know but you know I know that most of you guys don't remember this but you know it wasn't a Sunday and you know I'm so proud of myself. I call this top, I call this top, I call it not only this, I call it on like 60, 70 million votes. But okay, whatever. We're now in today, not always. So keep an eye on that syndicate, syndicate. So for me, basically, let me get back to the story because the most important story is that for us now, what we need to focus on is this.

00:45:13
So for us to make the biggest gains coming weeks, coming months, we have to be trading the Korean [bitcoin] and the up-bitcoins. And we have to be trading the syndicate coins. Because why? History is showing us that these are the only two that pump. Yeah, you can buy the other coins, no problem. But if you want to make the big money, you have to be following the syndicate or you have to be following. The Koreans, it's just what it is, and you know I understand because you've got all these big crypto accounts that you guys are probably watching what they tell you, they told you, they tell you at bottoms. Yeah, you have to go; you know, you have to go focus on the fundamental points because meme coins are dead, and it's you know they will never pump again and they will go to zero.

00:46:02
Yes, they will go to zero, and they will not pump again. Those are the ones that you guys shield Or even release yourselves from. Those are dead. Because the only way to get them up is if those guys themselves start pumping them up. Otherwise, it's impossible to get them up. But syndicate is not a story. Syndicate-this is what they do for a living. This is how they make money. They make money on these charts by pumping them up and then dumping them down. Pumping them up, dumping them down. This is how they make money. This is what they do for a living. So, also, don't expect that your favorite crypto guru will tell you about SPX. Don't expect that your favorite crypto guru will tell you about Giga. You know why?

00:46:58
I'm going to tell you why. Because the syndicate is very selective in their people that they use for whatever marketing out there. They don't use your favorite crypto guru. And that's also why you know all these famous crypto influencers-they are the past everyone that has got a healthy brain in his mind don't watch their shows you know why because there's nothing they will show you or tell you that can make you money so because they, you know, they are still living in the past. The world crypto world already moved on and they are still living in the past. You know, at some point it's pathetic because sometimes I see something come by or on YouTube when I'm scrolling and then I see some titles and I think to myself, this is just pathetic.

00:47:43
These guys, they don't know anymore what to say, you know, because, you know, listen, if crypto is moving, you cannot stop with crypto. And crypto is also something, you know, you cannot, you know, think, okay, you know, I educated myself, you know, I know enough about crypto. No. In crypto, you have to every day keep learning more and more research and following, you know, what makes me to what I'm, why am I so successful in crypto? Because, you know, I only focus on the money flow. I don't, you know, everything else, I don’t care about it. I follow the money flow. Charts are money flow. Where's the money flowing? Where is it getting out? Where is it going in? Where is it getting out? Where is it going in?

00:48:25
And I’m following the stream. You know, I’ve got a lot of DMs and a lot of people that, you know, tell me, well, MW, I just made, tripled my portfolio. I did a 10X on my portfolio past months since January following you. How did you do that? Yeah, I bought the right coins. I bought Giga. I bought SBX. I bought this. I bought that. I made, you know, I made more money on those than my holdings past three, four years. How did you? That's just what I did. Okay. Because these people, you have to see it like this. Like most of the retailers that are watching crypto shows, they get the information from what they're getting paid for to show you. I give the coins. Nobody pays me.

00:49:09
I don't even know who the crap this owner of SPX is. I don't know them. I give you the coins from which I think the money is flowing. And by the way, guys, this can change next week. Or the week after and then you got this other narrative for sure you got this solid altcoins just like V chain just like Autumn just like Polka Dot etc and you know I'm not saying that you shouldn't buy those I'm buying them at the right time when they dump like Cody like you know a lot of coins are the genome I buy them but you know the narrative could change it can change because if if we're gonna get if we're gonna get this one if we're gonna get uh this one to flip If we're going to get this one so you know the old you know the OGs in crypto that you know that will start flipping their Bitcoin into altcoins then you can see like a GMR make a 10X A Cody make a 10X.

00:50:06
You're going to see like, you know, you've got Flux, you've got all those altcoins out there. You've got Sui, you've got Say, you've got that separate one. Those can make like two, three, four, five Xs out of nothing. You know, it's just, it's, I'm buying. I told you guys. What I do is I've got like my portfolio, my portfolio is like I changed it into 40-50% going into syndicate coins and into AI ages, but the AI ages are are losing a little bit of of strength because of this deep seek and this you know that you know Nvidia going down etc so they're losing a little bit of momentum, so while they're losing momentum, I'm not going to chase it too much. So, what replaced the syndicate now? It's the Koreans.

00:50:48
So now I'm following the Koreans. What are the Koreans doing? Because the Koreans, if you're going to use the indicator, are you going to just trade along them with the volume? Just let's go. You know, you can get something like Argo, you know, because Argo, I think that Argo, I think that this is just the beginning. I think that this is just the beginning. They have been doing this now a layer. They've been doing it on Baron. They're doing a lot. So when you see like 60%, when you see over here, when you see like 60% of the, oh, let me go over here. When you see like, what is it over here? 60% of volume comes from up it. You know, now it's in a late stage because now it's going to get listed on Biden.

00:51:26
So now they're probably going to dump it. So it's still way too late. But, you know, if you're going to catch, like, for example, you can DM me about this, by the way. You can DM me about this, by the way. So if you're going to see like a coin that is, let me just give you an example. If you're going to see like Argo, for example, let's say that Argo is over here. And you're going to see, okay, you're going to check. You see volume hitting in over here. And then you're seeing that Upbit is pumping it. DM me about it if I don't see it. I probably know about it already, but I check it on my database. But if I don't see it, just tell me, MW, listen.

00:52:02
You know, and that's when. We're going to put on our indicator. We're going to make money. Because the Koreans, this is just the start. They're just heating up over here. This will get much better. This will get much, much better. A lot of money is going to be made. So follow me on X. Trade on Blowfin or B2NX. Links are in the description. Make sure, by the way, I'm going to give you guys a little bit of, you know, for those that don't own the indicator, I think that most of you guys all own the indicator, but if you don't own the indicator, it's also working on something where you can donate and get the indicator directly. And also the basic, the basic training course webinars and training vids are coming.

00:52:47
Yes, finally, Chase Trading Vid 4. 0 is going to get released. I'm going to surprise you. and also for the high volume traders i'll be receiving of i think what is it maybe 100 dms or more so i'm gonna sit for them i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna make a list out of you guys and uh i'm gonna explain you guys how it's gonna work i'm gonna explain you guys also what the costs are that you have to donate to get into this uh this group of high volume traders but you know it's it's like this high volume traders first of all guys high volume traders never ever ever don't share with me the number of how much you're trading with because you know we're still on the webs and i don't want any of your private information comes out for me it's very important for the ones that are uh the dme we talk in percentages and for me why did i say um

00:53:49
High volume traders are the ones that are owning between $100K and $100 million that are trading with. So it's a very big, big gap over there. But never, ever, ever, because some of them are sharing with me, you know, I've got like $500K. I'm trading with $1 million. I'm trading with $2 million. Don't tell me this on the web, please. I'm not interested to know. The only thing that counts to me is, you know, at some point, if you want to get into this. High-volume sessions, you have to be showing me proof that you're trading on a certain uh volume on on on uh on both in a bit next, so that's how it's gonna work, that's how I'm gonna see the proof of it.

00:54:28
But I don't need, don't share with me your uh, don't share with me your uh, the amount that you're trading with, I'm not interested and nobody should be interested in that, that's your personal stuff so keep that to yourself, please. So um, basically we're gonna read this from Argo, so guys a lot of things are happening and also uh Salsra, I'm very proud of Salsra, also very proud of Helena that has been and there was another one, I forget about this, it was at Spaceman, he also was making a similar videos just like just like Helena, by the way. So Charlotte Salsaw, she's working on some big stuff behind the scenes, also trying to grow the GTC Insider account. And, you know, there is so much going on, you know, it's mind-blowing.

00:55:17
And, you know, we're going to take it step by step, and it's going to be great, and we've got to make a lot of money. I know this already. Because, you know, at the end of the day, you know, you guys, I know that most of you guys, what you want to know about me is this: Are we short or are we long? What are you focusing? You need to know where the focus is. So, and you know, I keep nailing this over and over again. Sometimes I get tired of myself. I mean, sometimes I think to myself, 'Come on, come on, MW, get it wrong.' Get it wrong sometimes. Just show that you're just a human being. It doesn't matter.

00:55:47
Let's just say, if I get it right 10 times, I at least have to get it wrong just one time. I love you all. Thanks all for watching. Thanks also for joining in. Have a nice one. And bye-bye. How about the interview? Yeah, wait a minute. Lema, ask Salsara. Go. People, you have no idea how big the pile of stuff is on my desk. So, yeah, and I've had literally pneumonia the past 10 days. So I'm catching up now. Some patience. It's going according to priority. Okay, well, okay. I'm giving my best. Guys, I delivered the interview like, I don't know, a month ago or something like that. I don't know. So it's all to Salsa. It's not about me. I did my part. So she just got to get it done and release it. But you're doing also your part and giving me more work. Yes, yes, yes. She's totally right because there's just a lot going on. But it's coming. It's coming. I love you all. Have a gratitude and WL. Same to you, Doc. Dr. Mario, lovely to have you over here. Thank you so much. Have a nice one. Bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 04-18-2025 KOREANS RULING THE CRYPTO MARKETS !! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome, Emukla in Game Trading Crypto. Welcome, Weetal Fam. Welcome into another live stream. Yes, we've got to talk about. Koreans, financial markets, Powell, Lagarde, the dollar, euro, pound, yen, Japan, China, Trump. All the crap you need to be successful in trading and making our next move. So, yes, that's what we're going to talk about. Let's see how it's going to play out. Yeah, so. Let the music work.

00:02:19
Okay, okay, okay, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, okay so uh welcome everyone, welcome everyone, I cannot, we don't have a lot of time, oh we don't got a lot of people in here, we don't got a okay so no problem, I can do Janice Pedro Akib Carlo escaping Daniel Zupac Edwin Spaceman, uh we got Elena We got Death Brick We got Zagano We got Crypto Fiori We got Altiman We got Helena Riff Bob. Only early birds over here, the rest are all sleeping. We got Matija Mama Dali Stop Loss Lies. Oh my God, Stop Loss Lies. You know, if you call yourself Stop Loss Lies, you're either super wrecked or you are super rich. One of the two. You know, I've got, you know, let me tell you this.

00:03:17
Let me tell you this. There's one very respective trader I know. He's not online, but, you know, he always tells me, MW, you know how I make a lot of money? I told him, well, how? He told me, you know what I do? I just go into the charts, you know, and then I'm going to set up my stop loss. For example, let's just say he's going to do a long. so he's buying something and then and then he's gonna set his stop loss he what he tells me is where i'm gonna you know i do my analyze and then just normally and then when i'm gonna you know where i'm gonna put my stop loss i make that let's just say this let me this is this is great to explain you guys this is beautiful by the way you know it made me laugh so let's let me describe so uh for example i don't know let me let me use this chart let me use this so

00:04:09
Let me put it on the one hour and then put it on one hour. Okay. So for example, let me remove the indicator because it's not about the indicator in this example. You know, this is what he told me. This is what he told me. You know, it was so funny when he said it. So he told me, well, you know what I'm going to do? You know, I'm going, for example, for example, his, his, his analyzes. I'm going for long over here. So over here. So this is my long, this is the analyze that he's making. And he's going to put his stop loss over here, for example. So he's planning to go in over here. And he's putting his stop loss over here. And his take profits is, for example, over here or here.

00:04:53
It doesn't matter. So he told me, you know what I've been doing past months? He told me when I finalize my analysis, you know, so stop loss entry. Take profit. He told me I never go in on that entry. What I do always is I move my entry to where my stop loss is. He has been testing this now for months and he's very successful. So he's making a lot of money. He told me you have to be really patient, but he just put it in. And so what he does is. He flips his entry after his analysis from his stop loss. So his stop loss is his. So basically, so when a normal trader, a normal analyst would go make an analysis about an entry, take profits and a stop loss, he tells me because I'm just an average trader, but he's trying to break the code.

00:05:57
So what did he do? He now makes his analysis and then he uses his stop loss as his new entry. And, you know, it was really, you know, I'm very interested in these things. You know, I'm a trader. I'm, you know, I'm always trying to crack the code or et cetera. So this is not my style, by the way, because, you know, I don't trade like an average trader. But it's, you know, it was for me fascinating to see what he was doing, you know. I really loved it. I really loved it when he was showing me that. And, you know, so it's, it's, it's okay. So, uh, well, whatever I was, I was with, with stop loss, stop loss, loss. I go, good morning, good morning.

00:06:37
So we got, well, you got Andrea, the car. What is this? What? When, when, when you're no, when you're no, when you're no familia, Andrea, the car. So we got, I'll be my right. Good. We got Richard, Rosie, Phil, Pip, Chris Lee. We got BPAP. El Floriano Raj Kumar Gotham, we got uh for Jerry, we got Adam, we got uh Nicholas Narciso, we got straight up, we got Jawad; Jawad is in the house TB! Oh, by the way, I have to tell you something Snowy and just okay. So, first of all, guys, I'm gonna forget it, I'm gonna forget it. So, I shared something about high-volume traders on Twitter and you know I've been getting a lot of DMs for people for this, you know, for this high-volume trade and I told you these high-volume traders are 100K to 100 million dollar funds.

00:07:33
And then what happens next is is that I get a lot of DMs and then you know they have gotten some have got a response on all of them. And guys, I didn't say 100k trading volume because if that were the case, someone with 100 bucks is a high-volume trader. I said 100K to 100 million funds. It means funds. So on your trading portfolio, you have 200K, 300K, 500K, a million, 10 million, whatever. So funds, not trading volume. And, you know, you could figure out yourself, I think, that it's not trading volume. Because someone with 50 bucks can create 100k trading volume if you want, so just to get that clear, so the ones

00:08:30
that have been getting a DM and I'm not responding to you it's because you just don't fit; you know you're not like you know, just stay with the regular one, so you're just a regular trade, you're not a high volume trader, high volume traders are the ones owning 100k or more on their trading these guys create millions of trading volume Not 100K trading volume, millions of trading volume when they go into. And let me also give this warning to a lot of the Patreon's and the Telegram group members. We have got some wheels with us. It's just what it is; we've got some really, really high volume traders. And what I want to say is this. This is also for the GTC, by the way, because the team asked me several times to, you know, talk about this in my live stream.

00:09:23
Guys, be very careful when the team is offering you in the GTC members trades or I'm talking about trades. Now, I cannot repeat myself enough; high volume traders, don't go high. Don't go open up a 5 million short position on a coin with a market cap with 100 million or 200 million. You crazy? Because, you know. You guys are the market makers. You know, you got some wealthy people against you that will try to fight you. They're going to hold the line. And the result of that is that most of the retail firm members will suffer from that. They will not suffer in money, but, you know, if they were going to make like 5K or 10K on that trade.

00:10:19
They now need to wait for a month, two months before they got to make it, or two weeks, or three weeks, or four weeks. So this is also one of the biggest reasons why I'm creating this high volume group, traders group, so I can a little bit control you guys. So the lower volume traders will not suffer from this. You cannot trade shit coins with big amounts of money. I've said it a lot of times. If you want to go big, You have to go big on coins with billions of market caps. So when you see, for example, coins like XRP, Solana, Ethereum, Bitcoin, Cardano, et cetera, et cetera. These are the coins you can trade on really big high volume, but not shit coins like layer, for example.

00:11:10
You know, I need to create this group as soon as possible because, you know, there are some really some wealthy people. Owning a lot of money and you know they follow me or they follow the GTC team, and then they go in, they and then they go in very very, you know, they go in very heavy so uh don't do that, just don't do that don't do that because you're manipulating the the market at that moment, because you have to see it also those Koreans are seeing you, so you have to, you have to really. Okay, I need to make this high volume traders group very fast, so I can teach you guys some things. Okay, so let me first of all begin with that Mannschaft. That Mannschaft. That Mannschaft.

00:12:00
M Wilkel is going to destroy the Mannschaft. Look at this, guys. So look at this. This is super interesting. Look at this. So this is the DAX. It dumped down with 20%. That's a lot, 20% for the DAX, by the way. Just saying. When was the last time the DAX dumped 20%? When? Not here. Was it maybe over here? When was the last time the DAX dumped 22%, of course, 22. Let me see. Okay, we even dumped 27 so let me let me let me get it on the monthly yes Germans, Germans, yes yes yes, so this you know this was the 22nd it was not only the decks by the way everything dumped over here.

00:13:00
So we got ourselves a boxy over here, we got ourselves a boxy over here, so we got ourselves this boxy, let's create this boxy together, yes why not uh, this was uh, the Corona crash, let's do it all so together, why not, why not, why not, who gives a freak lesson, so what did the Corona crash do guys? Let's do it together. The Corona crash, oh darling, this was beautiful, this was 42 percent, 42 percent on the Corona crash. So let me first of all tell you that most of the you know economic scientists they say and think that we are worse than the Corona crash or the 2008 crash or whatever. But the charts are not showing us this yet. So the charts are not showing us this yet.

00:13:57
And I think that one of the biggest losers, the biggest dumpers in the financial markets will be the DEX. What did you just say? Yes, that's what I said. But MW, but your followers, most of them are from Germany. Yes, I know. But I still think what I think. Listen, I think that the DEX will suffer the most. I just think that. But either way, so we got 42%. And then this was, what was it again? I had to write it down. This is 27%. And this was, and this was. 27. And this was 20%. So 42, 27, 20%. 20%. 20%. So basically, if you would watch this chart on the monthly, we're just in a freaking bull run.

00:14:59
But you know, this is what I want you guys to learn. Because you guys cannot imagine how important this is. Because this is how you make life-changing money. Let me tell you this. On this dump, by the way, I made really a lot of money. And when I say a lot of money, a lot of money. You know? For those that have been watching me with the decks and analyzing past weeks, I made really. But you could also. There are some of you guys that made a lot of money on this, but I don't think enough. But let me show you. Let me tell you this. This 20% -look how strong. These technical analysts and these we came exactly into the liquidation level and boom, it bounced up!

00:15:47
But if you would follow me, you would also know that uh, I told you guys: also based on the blue boxes us 500. Okay, this is where you have to flip bullish again, you know? You remember when I told you flip bullish again, that's this massive bounce up because you have to keep in mind that you know I made a lot of money over here but I'm also making a lot of money over there just basically what I'm showing you now is the same as Bitcoin, same as Crypto, your altcoins doesn't matter it's all the same because they are connected to each other. So, but for the high volume traders, for example, this group is coming for you guys, you know? We could do this also because you know when you want to put in on leverage 10 billion.

00:16:38
You put in 10 billion, nobody gives a fuck. You will not hear me say, oh no, no, no, you shouldn't go in heavy. Go in as heavy as you want to go. You know? I don't care. This is the stuff for the high volume trades. A real high volume trade. Look at this. Look at this. So, now, what I'm eyeing is, you know, Is it maybe time to start shorting the crap out of this one? Because, you know, we're now bouncing. So, is it time to start shorting the crap out of it? So, there is the indicator.

00:17:27
Keep this in mind. Keep this in mind. I told you about it. Nobody told you about it. I told you about it. So, you put in this thing. This is a bounce of 15%. And this is something, by the way, also in the high volume trading group, this will be discussed. Listen, guys, you know, if I would put in 50%, because a lot of people, they don't understand this. Now, this is 20%. You see this? This is 20%. This is 20%. So basically, if you would measure the half of this, it's around. Let me use this one. Where is it? Let me use this one. Let me use this one. Like this. You know. This is half. So this is half. Which is seeing over here.

00:18:27
This is the half. But this is 15%. You see? Look. This is. This is 15%, a little bit above it. But this whole move down is 20%. So what does that mean? What is that telling us? It tells us that when you make like 20% down, but only going up to the half is 15% worth. So it means that you're making more money on that bounce up. Maybe it's a little bit too complicated. I'll dive into it. I'll dive into it. Yes. So what was I going to say? So I'm eyeing the decks. So let me go to the DXY because it's all about the DXY. Something super, super, super remarkable. Super remarkable is that, you know, when ECB comes up, when Madame Lagarde comes up, you see a pre-pump on the DXY.

00:19:29
Because wisely you're probably going to cut rates and that's super bullish for the US dollar and the US dollar will destroy the euro and the pound or whatever so it didn't happen that's super remarkable it didn't happen we saw a little tiny move look at this guy's look look you know I've been telling you guys now already I've been telling you already guys it's all about the forex person That is what it's all about. It's not even about the stocks anymore. It's about the forex pairs. So this is what is going to show us the way the coming weeks, months. It's all about the forex pairs. So basically, so this thing didn't dump after the rate cuts. Because this is the logic, you know? This is what you read on the news.

00:20:22
This is what Jim Cramer will tell you, and et cetera, et cetera. The Bloomberg's and the, you know, they will tell you, okay. When you cut rates, it’s bullish for the financial market, for the stocks, and it’s very bearish for the currency. But we’re seeing that, you know, this was the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny retrace that we got after Madame Lagarde. But let me tell you this. I don’t give a crap what they tell you on media. I don’t give a crap about what they tell you on the conference. The only thing that I care about is my chart. Because my chart doesn’t lie. People lie. News, they don’t lie. That’s all they do. They only lie.

00:21:06
That’s why I read news always with other glasses on. Look at this, guys. This is resistance, and it remains resistance. So even though we didn't see that move up, as long as we are at resistance, I remain super bearish on the euro over here. So maybe the move didn't come yesterday. Maybe it will come today. Maybe it will come the day of this, by the way, on a monthly basis. But look, we are in the red zone. And in the red zone, look how strong this resistance is. This is no joke, guys. This is no joke, by the way. Look at this. Over here, over here, over here, over here. Look at this. This is really, really strong resistance over here. To go back to the DXY, DXY is also, look at these, look at these.

00:22:05
This is the same like you're seeing on the Euro. This is really some strong freaking support that we're seeing over here. By the way, guys, it could dumb down. I'm not saying, you know, I'm not; you know, I didn't make an analysis. I'm seeing, okay, you know, like I'm a lot of times do. Okay, it's going there and it's going there. No, no-this is not the case for this one because this one goes very deep and a lot of things are related to this, but for me, chart-wise, I have to; you know, I have to stay; I have to remain; uh, I have to stay, stay, I have to stay, uh, uh, bullish here on the DXY, because we are we already dumped because this is a pretty big dump over here very fast.

00:22:49
10-10 is a lot. You know, you can tell them, okay, well, Trump is pushing it. I don't give a crap who's pushing it. It's a big dump. So I'm not going to get bearish on the DXY after 10% dump. Not going to happen. So I'm going to act accordingly on what I see on the charts, but on the macro, not going to happen. I'm not going to be bearish on the DXY. So for me, we are still in support zones. The euro is at resistance zones. So for me, the probability that this will happen is way more bigger than this would happen. So it's all about probability. So I'm calculating now that at some point this thing will hold, hold, and then it will go up. And, you know, I'm going to act on it.

00:23:41
That's now my plan. That's now what I'm eyeing. And, you know. If this thing just dumps down like a rock, I'm going to change the plan. But for now, I have to stick to my plan because we are still holding the line over here. So I'm just going to wait today what's going to happen over here. Because at the DXY, it's a little bit hard to see the support levels. But on the Euro, you can see the resistance levels very clearly over here. So like we have this spike up that we had over here. So they might maybe push it there. But, you know, that's it. It comes beautifully together with this line that I just made just now. I don't know why. Maybe I'm crazy. So let me...

00:24:26
Oh, beautiful. It hit it already. You see? One, two, three, four. This is just a solid trend line. You see? It hit it already. So also, if you would look at these two roundings. why not expect the next rounding over here you know because this is also you can make a trend line out of it you can do like this you can do like this something like this you see you know guys you have to see it like this you know i'm drawing these things with you guys just for you guys i see these things without drawing them i don't need to draw this trend line or make this circle i you know i see this just on the chart i can make this chart whole blank and i see these movements and i see these patterns and i can see the

00:25:11
they move if you just spend enough time on the charts just like me at some point you'll see them also i don't know if you want to see it but just saying you know it's it's uh so guys so basically i've now been talking with you guys about financial markets and you know i've showed you guys some some some some indices i've showed you guys some Some some forex pairs. You have to keep in mind that the ones the high volume traders Group will be more about this So what we're gonna do is we're gonna we're gonna trade crypto because all about crypto is focused on crypto So it will be like 60 70 percent crypto 30 percent 20 percent will be Will be the stocks or Forex's whatever so and this is where you know, this is how it's gonna happen because

00:26:11
we're gonna we're gonna make the big moves because you know trading altcoins trading korean altcoins or trading the syndicate is different it's a different style it's something else so if you want to go to this it's this but guys this is just forget about it because most of you guys are probably not the hypo traders so we will focus on the the mid gaps and everything so this is just for that group uh what what they what they can expect so Let me get into it. So, Bitcoin. Let me go to my green. Yeah, so Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin. What is Bitcoin? What is Bitcoin? Oh, Bitcoin. No, no, no, Bitcoin. No. No, Bitcoin. Are you so sensitive to the DXY at support? No. Come on, Bitcoin. Come on. You can do it.

00:27:02
You can do it. You can do it. I've seen this guy, you know, look at this look at this box, look this was when was this, this was yeah, this was Trump getting president, yes we're going to the moon, look sideways, dump bump, dump bump, dump, you know. It's it's really mind-blowing that's you know, After all what we have been seeing in the media about Bitcoin, all these banks, all these institutions, everyone in the world was buying Bitcoin at some point. Do you remember? It was just weeks ago. I hope that you guys remember. But everyone in the freaking world was buying Bitcoin. You know, I even tweeted about this. I told you, is there any Bitcoin left in the world to be bought up? Because, you know, countries are buying Bitcoin. United States saying they're going to make it a reserve, you know. A China and Russia are trading in bitcoin, uh, a lot of wolves, uh, countries' banks-every you know, every freaking bank at some point. Yeah, bitcoin, it's all about bitcoin. Those stories were over here; this is where the stories are, where we are. How is this possible? How is this possible?

00:28:38
Not speaking my French very well. Qu'est-ce qu'il y a? Mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi, Monsieur Bitcoin? Mais pourquoi? Allez, allez, vas-y, vas-y, vas-y, vas-y, Bitcoin! Monte, monte. Go get the $100,000, $120,000, $150,000, $200,000, $1,000, $120 ,000, $150 ,000, $200 ,000, $1 ,000 ,000 of bitcoin. Because bitcoin is the best asset in the world. Because bitcoin. I am very, very rich because I bought. Uh, book would do bitcoin, you know I already explained you guys, like you know months ago, that uh the world is fooling you, the financial market are fooling you because even if you bought bitcoin at 15k, even if you freaking bought bitcoin over here so you're a bitcoin dj and you bought bitcoin aren't over here even if you bought it over in this same period of time there are a lot of stocks that outperform bitcoin.

00:29:56
Michael Strategy that is buying, Michael Sater that is buying all Bitcoin and, you know, the biggest FOMO creep out there. Even his own stock outperformed Bitcoin. But he will not tell you that. He wants you to focus on Bitcoin. It's all about Bitcoin. Bitcoin, yes, Bitcoin. Okay, so basically, we don't give a crap about Bitcoin. We are teachers. You know, when Bitcoin doubles up, we should have made our 100 or 500x. already so we are traders so let me go to the next one let me go to btgc ah is it risk it's respecting it oh it's respect look at this mega you know you got this guys listen there is a megaphone pattern working out there is a megaphone yes it's a megaphone yes well here's your megaphone you want the megaphone here is the megaphone this is the megaphone Always the megaphone.

00:30:53
Here's the megaphone. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, hold. And then over here, another bang, hold, bang. And then at some point, we're going to be here. And what are we going to do over here? What are we going to do over here, RetoFab? That's what we're going to flip long again. Let me tell you this. Let me tell you this. Forget about the Koreans, by the way, because Koreans is just like. Five percent of maybe not even five, maybe three percent of the market's guys from the moment that I told you, okay. I'm taking profits and I'm gonna flip short now, that's it. Forget about the Koreans, forget about this green pumping like you know, maybe one two percent of the crypto market but 98, that was it.

00:31:49
That was it when I told you, I'm gonna take profits now, I'm gonna flip. But do you know I don't show you a lot of short P&Ls? I only show the ones that I've been talking about, but I can I can show you guys like, you know 30 P&L's exploding. Maybe it's you know great for entertainment. Maybe people will like it. I don't know so, That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Knowing when to be bullish, knowing when to be bearish. So, yeah. So, what to say? I don't know what to say. I wanted to say something else, by the way. Guys, you have to be very careful when you are following me on Twitter. You know, you have to keep in mind that, you know.

00:32:45
I will act accordingly. When I see people starting to tell retail firm members, follow someone that has not proven himself to be a defense trader. And when I see people telling people in my feeds, 'follow that guy' or 'follow that guy' or 'do this' or 'do that', I will block you. There's no hate, pure business. I have to protect my members. If anyone thinks that he invented the wheel again and if anyone thinks that he's the Superman of trading be my guest at some point if you have proven yourself I might challenge you or maybe one of the team members wants to challenge you want to prove yourself but you first have to prove yourself with solid calls so it's not like you know just showing up some you know like all those influencers do just showing some P&Ls when they're green and hiding the red no, no, no!

00:33:43
How it works is very simple. You have to do it like I do it. You have to tell people, okay, this is it. And this is it. And this is it. And after it, show me the results. And don't remove any tweets. But as long as you're not there yet, don't tell retail firm members, follow that, follow that, follow that. Do whatever it is that you want to do. I don't give a crap. Everyone is free to do whatever it is you want. If you want to be the Superman of trading. Just go do whatever it is. I've seen many before you and I will probably see many after you. But don't come into my feed, feeding people greed with, you know, a lot of bullshit. I'll block you. It's that simple.

00:34:28
I will block you and I will not hesitate. I'll block anyone that does so. So anyone that goes in and starts like yelling in my feed, follow this guy, follow that, you got blocked. It's that simple. And I will not unblock you. It's that simple-so it's just one mistake, and that's it. You know, I've got my buddy, my buddy, my buddy, bash you know, I love the guy, but you know he made one mistake; he made a mistake, but he's blocked, and I will not unblock him because why? Because he made a big huge mistake, and what was the mistake? Is it the same mistake as as the one we're making today in the morning? You cannot endanger My community, it's that simple.

00:35:09
You know, I can love you to death, but the moment you start endangering my followers, my community, I will block you. And there is no second warning. It's just one. You have to just make one mistake, you're out. So don't, please guys, don't. Focus on the alpha. Focus on education. Focus on, don't think that you're Superman. There are a lot of Supermen in the world. And at the end of the day, they're all, you know. Riff Pop, do you think I'm ready to make French live streams? Just asking. Riff Pop, do you think I can do it? Why not? Okay, so let's go. Let's go. Korea. It's time for Korea. So while we're going to do Korea, I'm going to give you guys. What is it?

00:36:03
Two minutes to share me in the chat all your Korean coins that you want me to chart. Also, note the Korean coins that are making some nice moves. So please share me because today it's all about you guys. I'm going to show you guys some of the coins that I'm eyeing on big high volume Upbit, for example. And I'm going to explain to you guys something about Upbit, which is very interesting, by the way, for you guys to know. And I want you guys to share the altcoins. So I'm going to give you two minutes and maybe Salsara wants to tell you something. Because Salsara is also having some news about GTC and GTC Insider. So I'll speak to you in two minutes. Share me the coins, please.

00:38:47
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So first of all, Fartcoin. Oh, music off, please. So Fartcoin. Guys, how can you not love Fartcoin? Guys, Fartcoin is, I've said it many times. You know, if you are busy or, you know, you're getting distracted or you're doing a lot of things in your life, et cetera, et cetera. I don't know what it is in your life. You just don't have the time. Just trade Fartcoin. Trade, only have one chart on your phone. Okay, Fartcoin. I'm going to long and short Fartcoin every time using the Indie and, you know, a little bit of TA, a little bit of MW, a little bit of market connections. You know, you cannot imagine how much money you can make on Fartcoin.

00:39:30
Fartcoin is, you know, Salsor told me that she was watching some big crypto shows out there. And, you know, she told me other big crypto content creators are talking now about Fartcoin also. But, you know, this is exactly what I've been telling you for, you know, for years now. They are always three, four steps behind. You know, that's, you know, it's foolish, you know. But it's really Fartcoin. Fartcoin. How much more money can we make on this freaking thing? You know, I don't know anymore. So this thing is just the retail firm's ATM. So it's like this. You know, you're sitting at home and then, you know, your son comes to you and tells you, Dad, listen. I need a new PlayStation. Dad is looking like his bank account. Okay.

00:40:24
Okay, son, I'm going to work on it. And then you've got your goal. Okay. I'm going to make like 500 bucks because I want to buy myself, my son, a PlayStation. Go trade for altcoin. Make the 500 bucks. Take it out. Okay, son, come over here. Come. Here is your PlayStation. You know? You just have to know how to execute it, how to do it, but it's you know, fart coin is really the cash machine part going, it's really mind-blowing, it's really mind-blowing. This fart coin, you know, fart coin. You know what to say about far? You know I don't even know what to say anymore about fart when I've said so much about fart coin already. Um, So that's about four points, by the way. I was eyeing this one yesterday.

00:41:10
This was Oh some, some, some, some! I need I need to explain you guys something very important. So these Koreans they are my heroes. Why are they my heroes because they are creating liquidity for us so we can trade so we can make the big money. So on my tree today, I told you the next three months, 50X if the Koreans but you know The Koreans need to keep doing what they’re doing now. You know, they need to keep doing what they’re doing. So the next three months, or maybe even do more like what they have been doing the past days. So weeks. So they need to keep doing. 50X is nothing, guys. You guys think that it’s a lot. Why is 50X? You have to see it like this.

00:41:53
If you’ve got like a 10K portfolio, you have to see it like this. For example, if you’re going to do it the GTC style, the MW style. So you’re going to use like. 25 for for one coin for a trade and then you make like whatever you make like 1k or 2k and then the next trade you're going to use another 25, but the 25 that you're going to use is from 12k not from 10k and then you make another 3k or whatever and then you got 515k and then you're going to use 25 of that amount and so on and so on and so on. So it goes very hard at some moment, you know, at some moment. But the only thing is, you must not lose any trade.

00:42:40
And guess who has been educating about that for years now? You just have to not lose. Because, you know, you can get these supermen that I've been talking about. I think that they invented the wheel again. Oh, I'm killing it over here. And I kill it over there. And I kill it over there. And then just one mistake and then, boom, he's back to the ground. You know, you've got this, how do they call it, that Superman is Kryptonite, Kryptonite or something, you know, that big block of Kryptonite, and, you know, Superman has lost all his powers. Well, Superman has been now Wrecked Man. That's Superman. Superman is Wrecked Man. It's about consistency, guys. It's not about, you know.

00:43:25
Show this and that and you know, oh, I've got this pinot on an easy so you know, you got these guys go with 100, 200 x whatever you know. Oh, look how great I am! It's not meant to mean anything if you're gonna lose it all on the next trade, so you make like two, three trades they only need one time and then that's boom, you're gone. Superman is wrecked man; congrats, wrecked man. And then, you know, he's silent. He's silent. That's why, guys, you know, you have to learn. If you're going to leverage trade, you have to do it the right way. You have to do it the professional way. You have to do it the defensive way. That's the only way. You know, how do you think the team survives everything?

00:44:13
These guys are prepared. So if I'm going to go into a trade, for example, over here, I already preparing myself that this coin for my entry could make for example 5x i'm prepared for it although my analyze is not telling me that but i'm prepared for it so in my mind i know wait a minute if i'm going in here this price could go 5x from here and it will totally destroy me no no no it shouldn't destroy you because why you are prepared for it so you're gonna take how do you say measurements measurements help me some sort of is it measurements or whatever or cautions how do we say this precautions yes precautions yeah so you need to i love it i've got salsa next to me so when i cannot find any freaking english word i just ask okay so you have to be prepared for that you know when i go into a trade The first thing that I prepare myself for is not how much money I'm going to make.

00:45:20
I'm preparing myself for what if some narrative or some market maker or some VC or some will for my group is going very heavy, destroying the trade. Am I prepared for that? Yes, that's the first thing I do. I'm preparing for myself for the doom scenario. I don't give a crap about the wind scenario because my whole analyzer strategy is built on the wind scenario so I don't care about that, that's something I don't have to do something about that but I have to focus on what if what if the trade goes against me for whatever reason out there and you know these things happen if you are a good trader, solid trader, happen like 20 max of the times. But you have to be prepared for them.

00:46:11
So while you're doing the 80% and, you know, nailing every trade, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, you have to also be prepared for that 20%. But the problem with retailers and leverage trading is this. Let me explain to you. And that's why it's so important, this beginner's course that I'm going to start up. Sansa, do we have any date when it's going to start, this beginner's course, when it's going to be available? Maybe this afternoon we'll have a date. Okay. this this beginner's course is very important because why because in the beginner's course you know i'm gonna take you really step by step into this because you know i really i'm really looking forward to it you know i'm you know i'm looking forward more for the beginner's course than for the for the for the for the for the for the high volume traders because high volume is a high volume you know it's just you know these guys have a lot of money you know and

00:47:07
They're probably going to nail it. But the beginner's course is for me something. I want what I want is I want the noobs. I want the newbies. The newbies that are, you know, that are not supermans. Because the supermen, I cannot teach a lot to supermen. Because supermen, you know, you show them the way you show them a little. And then they get overconfident. And then they think that they invented the wheel again. And then they start doing things. And then they're going to. You know, like Superman loses his power while he's almost at the moon and then he falls down like a rock, you know? I need these newbies, these noobs. Why noobs? When I can teach them, I'm going to teach them the right way, direction.

00:47:50
You know, they're going to teach the MW way. They don't think left, right, up. No, they have only one tunnel vision. Okay, this is how I'm going to do it. And because he has been learning it the right way from the beginning, you have to see it like this. If you have a little baby and you've got to learn this little baby to walk backwards. So, you know, when he's walking, you have to walk backwards. You've got to learn everything goes backwards. Then he will, you know, it's very difficult for me to teach the kid how to walk forward. This is the same, you know. Sometimes I think to myself, I'm really crazy. You know, I give these examples. I don't know how I come up with these examples, but, you know, I hope that you guys are getting what I mean.

00:48:39
So when someone from whom he was a baby, he has been learning to walk forwards, you know. It doesn't cost me a lot of energy to explain this guy that he now can go run and then he can jump and then he can do whatever it is that he does. But when someone has been learning to, from young, to walk, backwards it's very hard for me to teach someone to walk forwards and jump in i think you guys get the message so i'm really looking forward to that one so enough enough enough about this so first of all i was i was i wanted to i wanted to uh explain something i think that a lot of you guys don't know this and you know i thought i had to i had to explain you guys this did you do you guys know that that that um uh uh do you guys know uh What is this?

00:49:32
Share your Korean coins to chart? Are you doing this also? You asked that. I just, yes, I can message here. Yeah, but. People, you asked them and they didn't do it. You asked them to share their Korean coins from Upbit. They want yes just the names I'm seeing some coins over here yeah I've seen support but not many so I reminded them okay well maybe they they they're like we don't give a crap I'll show them mine they can they don't have to share it it's their own choice so what I'm seeing over here is uh up it doesn't have futures trading so what does that mean up it cannot show it

00:50:22
Maybe a lot of you guys, what are you saying? Yes, they cannot short on Upbit because there is no futures trading on Upbit. They can only buy spots. So meaning they can only pump up. The only way that you can see Upbit, the price coming down is when they sell their bags. So this is something that you guys should know. Also, very important for you guys to know is that in Korea, in Korea, shorting is, I think, forbidden by law. Even on the stocks, yeah, it sounds super crazy, but it's just what it is. Koreans – they are not allowed to short markets, but because in Korea you can trade on Binance or buy Bit or you know whatever, so but they cannot also then they have access to shorting; they are not allowed there is this I think this bit hump they can short but you know they have to do a lot of regulations or whatever.

00:51:12
But let me tell you this, but Koreans – they can short on Bluffing They can show it on Bitinex. They can show it on Wix. They can show it on a lot of non-KYC exchanges because, you know, they're down the radar. Nobody knows. But that's not what I think because I've got my, you know, I've got my Korean lines. That's not what they, I don't think that they're shorting on those non-KYC exchanges because I think, not I think, I almost know it. The big guys in Korea that really rule the crypto markets, they don't live in Korea. They're in Singapore. They're in Dubai. They are in the countries where they can do whatever it is that they want to do. You get me? Look at me. I've got the Dutch nationality.

00:52:07
I cannot, I'm not allowed to trade futures on Binance, for example, because the Netherlands has forbidden that. But, you know, I'm in Dubai. I've got an Emirates ID. I can use Binance or buy a bit or whatever exchange out there. So these Koreans, it's the same. It's not so hard. It's so bad. It's so bad. All he has to do is, you know, he can, you know, maybe he's got some, they just buy some property in Dubai, whatever, get an Emirates ID, get a Binance account, and they can short the crap, whatever it is that they want while they're living in South Korea. Because they're doing that stuff not from the Korean law. They're doing it from the UAE laws or the Singapore laws. It's the same with the Chinese.

00:52:59
They do the same. So keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. Because they do have a reverse button. Just not an upbeat. So an upbeat, there is no reverse button because there is no shorting possible. I think it's just for you guys. So what I wanted to show you guys was this. Did you know that Layer hit $5 . 6 a bit? But this is spot, you know? But we don't see that because if we would, for example, put Layer on Perpetuals. It was there, and then it disappears. Perpetual. For example, OKX. Oh, OKX has got layer? Oh, that's interesting. I didn't know that OKX. OKX is a very big player, by the way, guys. So if we would do like this. Look. Max was 2 . 2.

00:54:00
While layer went to 5 . 5 and upbeat. But this, what you're seeing, is that they just bought in. Where is that freaking? Was it this one? Up it yes this one so so even because let me tell you why you didn't see that, why you didn't see that, this because you know this has got to do with liquidity, you know uh this pump up to 500 but this is just what you're seeing always that someone bought in a very you know very big bag of leverage so uh He's probably still bullish on layer or whatever. And then the ones that have been holding over here dumped it down just as far. So, you know, and this is just, you know, what this guy did.

00:54:43
He just bought in the liquidity because this is also something that I've been teaching you guys, by the way, is when you buy spots. By the way, guys, I get these questions a lot. To join the group or to join me, it's not only about leverage trading. If you're a spot trader, you're just as welcome. and i can teach you a lot about spot traders because i'm a spot trader so if you're buying spot i've teach this a lot of times uh for example uh say that you bought in layer over here i'm just saying something you bought in like 50k of player always this is just always because you know always please listen to me what i'm saying now always have take profit levels No, but you know, MW, I think the player is going to 50 bucks or 100 bucks and I don't want to miss that.

00:55:33
You are a fool. You are a fool. You are a fool. So always, always put in, if you, so anyone in here, anyone that is in here, how many people are here? 75 people. Anyone in here that owns bags, I don't care what bags you have over there. You bought them recently. Always have take profit levels. So, for example, let's say you bought in at 170, put in at $3. 2, put in at $4. 4, put in at 5. You never know. You guys cannot imagine how many jackpots I hit with this style, with this strategy. This is the same for down, by the way. It's the same for never. You know, there was one guy. That told me, MW, listen, I've got like 370K on my spot account.

00:56:31
Yeah, what is it? Are you staking it? What are you doing with it? No, no, no. It's just sitting there. Should I stake it? I told him, no, definitely don't stake it. I don’t believe in staking, raking, lending, spending, mending. I don’t believe in that crap. I told them what you need to do is if you have money over there always make sure that you have buy orders set so for example don't go do it on some coin but for example uh do it on Ethereum, do it on Solada, do it on XRP, do it on on Bitcoin what you have to do is you have to you have to you have to you have to you have to keep it you have to keep it you have to you have to put like let me just let me give you guys an example I think this is very important for you guys to know

00:57:20
what you have to do is that's why you guys are in here because you get the market updates with the educational part so what you have to do is so for example let me put it on the wiki if you got like you know 200k and it's just sitting over there for example you watched my live stream and you think oh well that blue box well I'm telling you when we were over here for example and you got like 300k or 350k well whatever put in those damn buy orders, 76, 75, 74. 73, 72, 71. Just put in those buy orders over here. That money is doing nothing on your account anyway. But if it will get hit, only a small bounce up will make you so much money.

00:58:05
Look at the world, but wait, MW, but what if it crashes even more down? Show me one chart where that happened. I'm not talking about shitcoins or rock pools. I'm talking about solid, strong altcoins. Even if this thing would dump down very hard, 99% of the times, it goes up again. It bounces up very strong, just as strong. You can make sick money. You cannot imagine. You can also do this on shitcoins, by the way, but you have to do it on lower amounts. Because I've done it a lot with these shitcoins, but I did it on much lower amounts. Okay. I'm running out of time. I've been talking way too much today. I've been talking way too much. It's just too much.

00:58:54
So let me go to the, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go. So we got this one, first of all. Look at this, guys. Korean. Pump, dump. Big time. Pump, dump. You asked me how to make 50X. So this is for you, you know, Maybe 50x in three months is conservative. Conservative, is that the right word? For you, maybe. For others, it's a point of view. Conservative means cautious. You would go higher. Okay, thank you. i need to hire some some some english lecturer if you say conservative you mean like 100x as possible so if you say yes yes that's what i meant that's what okay well then i did good i did great i did good okay so my english is improving yes because you know since i'm living over here

01:00:04
like everyone talks english so i'm i'm i'm talking i'm speaking a little bit more english i'm trying to get my english accents also a little bit more better so uh yeah so so i'm very proud of myself by by talking talking that you know the classic english so no uh so excellent guys actually uh this bump and dumpy going same story over here boom boom uh ardor ardor were the monster ardor ardor ardor is not available on a lot of exchanges to show the crap off so this will show also by the way guys also you know i'm gonna give you guys so much education today if you see that a coin is not available on many exchanges to short it means that the power up will be bigger so for the spot traders a tip for you guys when you're hunting some coins to buy to make money on if you find a coin that is

01:01:00
on volume and you check that there is it's not available on many exchanges to to to short that will give you more confidence that means that if you want to put in 10k put in 20k no no financial advice by the way use the indicator but i'm just telling you i'm giving you i'm giving you the tips okay so strax also uh boom boom uh it's going down and then we get iq also oh koreans what's oh koreans are in a bearish Koreans are in a bearish mode today. Oh, oh, Koreans are in a bearish mode today. Oh, look at this! Look, tea. Oh, tea. So basically, let me show you this because I'm seeing some of the reconfirms they are asking me about tea. It's very simple tea.

01:01:49
It's just put it on the weekly. You see? Look, put it on the weekly. So this was the weekly. Okay. And then you do this. Ah, oh, okay, now I understand why. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So this is all you have to do. You have the indicator. Look at this. T, but listen, guys, by the way, T, you know, this is something why I'm liking these Koreans. You know, these Koreans are my buddies. I love them. They are my supermen, you know, my heroes. Look, I love it when they start pumping bottom formation coins. Why is this so important to us? Because we are waiting to buy in again right, right, salsa, right, yes, yes, we're waiting to buy anything I shared your coin yesterday as well that looked exactly like this, yeah.

01:02:43
So we're looking. But it's not about the Koreans; it's not about what Koreans are pumping okay. I'm you know sometimes in my mind I go a little bit too fast for you guys, let me, let me, let me take it step by step. When we get to the ranges where we're gonna buy in again, it means we, my style and w style; we buy the bottom formations coins, we buy direct coins that's what we do. So when we buy those in at those moments, we now have the Koreans to pump our backs into a 10x out of nothing. Because that's what this chart is showing me. That they're not only pumping because you have to see it like this.

01:03:32
When you see like, when you go to CT, when you go to Twitter, you see all your favorite crypto gurus shilling some points. Maybe you guys didn't. Maybe you guys didn't, didn't, didn't. Freak. How do I say this? Maybe you guys didn't give attention to this. Maybe you didn't notice it. Notice it, yes. Thank you. So, you have to step in when I lose those those words so when you know, maybe you guys didn't notice it, but most of the times they shield the coins that already bumped, for example, when a coin was here and it's here, and that's when they start you know sharing it on Twitter, on YouTube, whatever. This is going to 20x this, is going to do 50x, is going to do one or whatever, whatever.

01:04:16
So, this is really marketing machine, and you know paid shields, and these guys get paid to do that, so they get you practical because over here they tell you about it, and then they leave you behind over there. But this is why I'm telling you these Koreans; I love these Koreans. Why? Because they are not pumping coins that are already up; they're pumping also coins that are at Bottom formations and you know for us we have our coins selected and we buy our coins, and if our coins are only 20 or 30, they will bounce anyway. But you know, if only 20 or 30, it'll be Korean coins, They could bump our backs like crazy. So this is what I'm liking. This is what I'm trying to give you guys. Okay, then we got this Argo. This is again. So this is, and by the way, guys, you see this bump up. Do you know how much it dumped?

01:05:19
We say in Dutch, 80%. Do you know? This is 80. Do you know how they say 88 in Dutch? For the Dutch people, this sounds normal. But, you know, for the rest of the world, what the freak of a language is that, bro? What the freak are you talking about? Those are a lot of in that language, you know, so 88, so listen guys, look 80 down and and where did it bounce up at the indicator, it's mind-blowing, yes I know, so but forget about this one, made a lot of money in this one, so let me go into the the retail farm, so uh, yes, love to hear the G.

01:06:21
So, you know, when do we know if someone is really native Dutch or he's just a fake? It's, you know, ask him to say a word like, you know, gevangenis. They cannot say it because we have this clank and, you know, like koningin or koninginnendag. It's only Dutch people that can say that. The rest of the world, they can't. That's why, you know, the freaks are, you know. Oh, we got Erwin from Den Haag. Den Haag. Oh, oh, Den Haag. Listen, guys, let's see. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got tea. We talked about tea. Okay, what do we got more from DoritoFam? What do we got? We got whiz. Whiz? Sorry? Gun and whiz, yeah. Gun and whiz. Okay, so let me.

01:07:12
Is this Korean or is this just? I think Gunn was also on the Korean list yesterday. I need to check. Let me use this one, Gunn. And the other one was Wiz. Wiz. Except that I booked a flight yesterday with Wiz Air. Wiz, Wiz, Wiz. Weeks is, by the way, also having this one listed. I love it. Love to see it. Good for weeks. I hope they solve their security things. I think Weeks is new on TradingView, actually. I think it wasn't there before. No, no, no. I had a chat with the CEO of Weeks. It was, I think, months ago, two months ago or something. And he told me this already. He told me it's coming. He told me we're waiting for some things. He told me we're going to get listed on TradingView.

01:08:06
And it's just, you know, a lot of people that, you know, you have to understand where I come from, you know. You can be my best, best friend or you can be my best partner in business or you can even, you know, I don't care about money. I don't care about nothing. The moment I see that my community gets hurt by whoever it is, if it's a person, if it's a business, you know, I don't give a crap. You know, I just go 180 degrees. That's just who I am. And, you know, sometimes it's hard for people to believe this. But by time, if you follow me, you know me, by time you will understand this. Because, you know, you have to see it like this.

01:08:50
Suppose that, you know, I would go into a partnership and, you know, we got to pay you $10 million MW and you're going to be our best partner. Because, you know, I'm getting a lot of offers for people that want to advertise on my YouTube channel, on all my live streams. And they, you know, they offer me sick money. And, you know, I refuse and decline them all. Because this is just who I am. I just don't care about whatever money out there in the world if you are going to hurt my community. It's just a no-go. I don't care how many zeros you're going to add to whatever check you got over there. This is just number one. And this is why I'm also very strict with my followers.

01:09:32
When I see them going out of line, I'll block you. You know, if you want to be good with me, always stay inside the borders and you know, I get it that you get excited that you get, you know, maybe you took some ecstasy pills or maybe you know, made you, made some nice gains and you know, you just cannot control yourself. I don't care, just you know for my part, just go party on some yard to do whatever this you want to do but just make sure don't go endanger my community they, you know, I'm not their financial advisor, but they, you know, they follow me. They trust me. And, you know, whatever happens in this world, I will never, ever, ever endanger their trust. That's my promise that I can give to you. So we got this whiz. I really have no. Whiz Woods. Wait a minute. Whiz Woods. What is Whiz Woods? Whiz.

01:10:40
You guys come with these coins, what is this wood's woods? This is some you know it's on you, you can trade it on the dexes, I think. Something you know, I cannot, it's not USDT but I cannot find it, it's not, it's not, I cannot find it on the pair so. You know, this thing is pumping. I really have no clue. I really have no clue. You know, this is new and it's, you know, it's here for some two weeks or three weeks, and, you know, it's pumping. I really have no clue what to say about it. Just be careful because it's already pumped up. So, I really have no clue what this is. What is gun? Gun. Oh, gun. And what's so interesting about gun? Why gun? Is anyone holding any gun?

01:11:33
Did you buy it over here somewhere? No, it's been on the high-volume coins a couple of days. And also today the volume is – On the Koreans? Let me check. Yes, the Koreans, I think. I think I saw it on the Koreans. No, no, no, it's not the Koreans. No, no, no, it's not the Koreans. So this is not the Koreans. So let me tell you this. This is – You know, I haven't seen this coin. I would short the crap out of it on every bounce. What did you say, MW? Yes, you heard me right. It's already down now. But, you know, if this thing by any means would go up, I would short the crap out of it. That's it. I love you all for watching. Thanks all for watching.

01:12:20
Thanks for joining in. By the way, guys, watch this vid again. Because I know I've said some crazy stuff today. Um, maybe I said a little bit too much, but I've said a lot of crazy stuff today. But whatever it is that I said, think about it, use it; I said a lot of crazy stuff today, so put it on 2. 5 or whatever. Watch it again because that crazy stuff could help you. I love you all. Thanks for watching. If you want to join us, GTC inside is where you can DM, uh, your UID. Blow from B2NX are the only two. I'm eyeing a third party for a partnership, uh, while we're still solving their security things. Um, so yeah, so we're going to take it step by step. Let's see what's going to happen. Uh, yeah. Have a nice one. Bye. Bye.
*** Live Stream 04-20-2025 Koreans are pumping coins again! MW was right again !! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, familia, GDC, Game Trading Crypto, MW. Welcome, we do fam. Happy Easter to everyone. Happy Easter to everyone, the ones that are celebrating Easter. If you're finding some eggs or finding some trades or finding some money, I don't know what you're doing. Whatever it is you're doing, welcome back. MW is here. So you're going to get the happy Easter live stream bonus. I think that, you know, basically every leverage trading course is important, but, you know. For the people who don't own a lot of time to keep trading, I think this will probably be the most important trading course for them. You know, the ones that, you know, they own enough funds and, you know, bro, I'm doing a full-time job or I've got, you know, maybe a doc, maybe or whatever it is, or a lawyer or whatever.

00:00:50
So I've got people relying on me. So I cannot be on those charts just like I want to. But, you know. We've got MW, the best trader on the webs, and he's going to show us how we're going to make that money the easy way without having to be on those charts again and again and again. And we also will cash out. And then you've got some people, yeah, well, you know, you've got a lot of those crypto bots that we're going to use. Well, good luck with that. If you're going to get wrecked, just come back to me. I know that you're going to come back to me because you're going to get wrecked either way. Because that's how it works with those crypto bots. Crypto bots are just like TA.

00:01:26
When it works, it's fine. Until it doesn't, and then you're wrecked. And then you'll start seeing your portfolio going down. And to be honest, you know, I'm a little bit old school. I don't rely on crypto bots. I think that crypto bots are super dangerous. All of my partners, they're always telling me, MW, listen, Blofin, we have crypto bots. We have this, OKEx, we've got crypto bots. Everyone's got crypto bots. Why don't you promote them? It's very simple, I don't believe in them; uh, I believe it's something that works if it doesn't work, it's risky and it won't work. So happy Easter! I hope that you guys found a lot of egg trades; I hope that you found a lot of egg p/l's; so a lot of bunnies! I hope that you'll have a great time with your family today make your little ones very happy, so let the music run and we're gonna talk about how the Koreans are pumping not the music one.

00:02:44
Just imagine hitting those eggs. Let the music run, please. Hitting those eggs with the little ones and then put on this music and then you tell them, listen, you got time until the music ends. This music is great for children looking for eggs.

00:03:25
ah look at this beautiful testing testing what do i got over here ah

00:03:45
Yes, yes, that's why, that's why, that's why, that's why.

00:03:53
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Let the music run, please. So what do we got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? We got This Is Bar. We got Matija. We got Alcon Janus. We got Pedro Kirk. We got Zubark, Luca, Matija. Wait up. We got Sniggy. We got Peter. We got Dev, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena,

00:04:25
we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena We got Elena, we got Elena, Escaping Seal, we got Rose. We got Brian Jacobs. Jawar Mazhar. Jawar. I'm Jawar Mazhar. Yes. What do you do for a living? Jawar. I make money trading.

00:04:56
Okay. Margarita Lopez. Oh, what a name. Margarita Lopez. I'm Margarita Lopez. Margarita Lopez. ZG Rose. EFR. We got Walid. Hello, bro. We got the doc is in the house from Berlin. Oh. Oh, the doc escaped the desert. He's in the cold now. What do we got? We got get action. Anthony Albertas. Welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. So welcome Salswaar for joining us today on this Easter. So thank you so much. Thank you for the music. And well, Salswaar is with us today. So thank you for joining in. Salswaar is getting a real read of a member. She's doing some great stuff together with a lot of other people that are also doing great stuff. So we're going to talk a little bit about the pumpies, the dumpies.

00:05:56
We're going to talk about the leverage trading course. Altibiman and Janus, finally, you guys have got your free pass. So you can be yourselves again. So the Chase Trading vid is out. So happy for you guys. I hope that you'll learn something from it. So, yeah, so we're going to jump in. So what do we got today? So first of all, guys, this trading course, which you really watch it a thousand times, a million times. I don't care until you get it, until you understand it. We're also going to talk a little bit about what's creating these dumps and these pumps today. It's pumpy-dumpy. It's really pumpy-dumpy today. It's pumpy-dumpy. And what we're seeing today, it's not only the Koreans. I think that CZ was like, this is how it works.

00:06:49
CZ is like, I'm the big man in crypto. I am the only one that pumps coins. I'm the only one that dumps them after. All these Koreans getting all these credits, you know, it's you know we gotta stop that. I'm gonna pump coins also, so the first one that I'm gonna bump is my own Dark on Broccoli, yes, yes, yes, that's what we're gonna do. So you know, all the attention, everything is going to Koreans, I don't want that. So by the way guys, these pumps that you're seeing on those on those on those altcoins, it's very simple-it's just Bitcoin getting flipped into them. This is something that I've been explaining you past weeks at some point. They gotta flip that Bitcoin into you know low cap coins and then you'll see those pumps up 100, 200, 150 out of nothing.

00:07:45
The only thing that they are doing is they're flipping their Bitcoin-it's not like it's new money what you're seeing on the Koreans, Koreans that's Just real money money getting flipped into altcoins, they just pumped them up. Um, what's happening on Binance is, in my opinion, I could be wrong, could be wrong in my opinion. It's just Bitcoin getting flipped and that's what we're seeing also over here. So we reach this top like this double top, uh, we didn't reach it, uh, good over here but you know what? You're seeing is this is creating the run on on those altcoins and you see that only this tiny, tiny drop that you're seeing over here. A lot of altcoins are making, are doubling up, tripling up. It's it's madness, you know.

00:08:31
We gotta talk about all those coins in in a moment but you know? It's madness! Those pumps that you see up it's you know this is nothing, this is really nothing, this is this is look where we are if you think that you're you know if you're lucky or in one of those coins if you think that they pumped this is nothing, look where we are when we zoom out. Let me put it on a weekly. Look where we are. Look where we are, guys. Look where we are. We started over here. This is where we are. This tiny, tiny, tiny move that you're seeing, it's still in green on the weekly. This creates a lot of, you know, rub up, rub up, you know, double, triple.

00:09:13
The only thing that you have to do is take profits and, you know, also short the crap out of it at the same time. You know, before starting streaming. I was discussing with Salsa and she was also eyeing some coins, you know, while you know just in like five minutes ten minutes while we're just chatting, uh, those pnls get created, you know, boom! Oh that quote, oh whatever, boom! Short it, okay? What, oh sure, yes, oh okay, and that point, yeah, you know, along that one, okay. Well, and that one, shorty, you make that money, you know, those pnls I share them on Twitter, uh, you know. It's just what I do for a living. That's what I do. I just feel, okay, that one, short it. That one, long it.

00:09:56
That one, just do that. And then those peanuts, especially when the volatility is very high, it's just those peanuts of 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%. It's just nothing. It's like cookies. It's bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I create them. I can make them in five minutes. And then you have to ask yourself, when I tell you 50x. In three months, oh on W250x that's that's a little bit but I get you because why your norm your norm of of trading and investing is based on what you have known on Twitter and on YouTube. Listen guys, buy this coin, it's gonna make a 50x and after 50x it's a crazy 100x that's how you think in your minds and all those coins that you bought

00:10:48
they wrecked you with 90, 95 so this is when I say 50x it's not the same like they are saying it because this is also something I was discussing today um why are the big accounts not talking about the Koreans like I've been doing the past two weeks because Koreans have been doing great they're you know they're pumping coins from buttons and you know I was asking like why Why? Salsa, do you have any idea why? They have no access to your live streams anymore. They would need to pay for it. They would pay for it. It's cockroaches and they are in here. But that's not the reason. That's not the reason. Why? Because this is a very important question. Why?

00:11:47
Why are they, you know, I've been talking about these Koreans now for like, what is it, one week, two weeks? I don't know. But why are they not talking? Let me tell you why. I know exactly why. You have to see it like this. If you would, if you would, if you would just, you know, forget about me. Now, you suck. You are bad for us. You're the worst, worst person. You're very salty and you swear a lot. And we hate you. Okay, no problem. You hate me. Hate me. No problem. If you would just, just, just go to the facts, because at the end of the road, it's all about the facts. You know, first of all, I never remove a tweet, but let's go to the facts.

00:12:32
If you would go to all the famous influencers, you would check when they start shilling your coffee. It's 99% of the times it's not at the bottom. So, for example, let me give you, let me give you, let me give you, let me give you just some, let me give you, let me give you this one. Let me give you Anna. Where is Anna? It was over here, no? Yeah. Let me give you Anna, for example. Look at Anna. Look at Anna. They were shilling Anna over here. Over here. Why are they not shilling Anna over here? Koreans, I'm not saying they're buying Anna, they're buying other altcoins, but they're buying them at bottom formation. Why? Because that's why I'm telling you, I love Koreans. Because Koreans are pumping coins.

00:13:34
And what does it mean? They're pumping coins because they want to make money trading just like I do. They're not pumping coins because they are getting. Paid to pump them or to shield them, because they either way, they don't shield; they just pump coins. But if you would just go to the facts, so forget about me; I'm the worst person that you've known in your life. If you would just go to all these big accounts when a price goes like this, you know, and let me draw it so. When you got, for example, you got, when it's you know this is the bottom, it's going like this. They will not shill it over here, and then it goes just like this; this is when they start shilling it, and maybe it will even do like this.

00:14:22
They will start shilling it even more. This is what happens after it, why don't they shill it over here? Why, because this is how it works, and I've explained this before. So I'm gonna repeat myself on this Easter day. There's maybe some of your kids that are willing to be successful in their lives and whatever it is they're doing. But they will also be successful in trading and making money. Maybe they'll hear it while they're searching for the eggs what we're speaking if I would be the owner of Anna, I would buy in heavy over here. And while I'm buying in heavy, the price will go up. And this is when I start hiring those people. And this is when I start hiring those people. Because why?

00:15:11
Because for me to sell this huge bag that I bought in over here, I need people over here to place those damn buy orders. Because I cannot dump my bag if there is no liquidity over here. This is why. This is why. This is the why. So when you go onto Twitter and you see all those For example, Anna is an easy peasy 20x, Anna is an easy peasy 30x, 100x. You got those lists, you know? These are my thoughts. You know these posts. You've all seen them. These are the worst posts, in my opinion, in crypto ever. But you see those posts like, oh, I'm going to give you my top 10 coins that will make you a lot of money. And then they start. So Anna is in the box of 40x.

00:16:04
JLMAR is the box of 100x. Uh, strikes are in the box or 50x, that this will be an easy one, all know you have seen them all, that's what they do, but they will never do why don't they do this now at bottoms, why they always do it over here, just like you know that guy, what was it as Crypto Tony or whatever his name was, uh, you know Tia is gonna give me so much money, whatever at the exact top, like not coin, not going trending coin number one, everyone not going is going to the moon at the exact top and every freaking time those coins dump down with 90 so you ask yourself why am I wrecked as a retailing crypto?

00:16:47
Crypto was supposed to make me financially independent, and if I would believe all these people how they're talking and following in, I should be rich trading crypto, buying crypto, investing crypto, but the reality is that more than 90% of it's crypto bags. How is that possible? I'm explaining you and showing you exactly how that's possible. These are the facts. This is it. This is how they do it. And they will keep repeating it over and over because they have been doing this for three, four cycles now. They get rich, you get poor or wrecked, whatever you want to say. It's very important how these things every time keep playing out. And so now this is the answer why they're not talking about Koreans. You know why they don't talk about Koreans?

00:17:36
They don't give a damn about you. Making money with these Koreans, pumping coins up with 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 Xs. They are not making any money on it. So when they're not making any money on it, they will not tell you about it. They need to get paid. You pay me, I tell them. You don't pay me, another. Let me give you another example. Polkadot. Polkadot was one of my really favorite, super bullish Polkadot. At the bottom. At three bucks, four bucks, five bucks. And then Polkadot decided to use a big amount of money to pay a certain person to seal it. That's when I lost confidence in Polkadot. And this is also very important for you guys to understand, is that you already know this, all of you.

00:18:36
I never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever got to take a dime from whatever project. I don't give a crap. So when I tell you about some altcoin, it's because I'm interested in it based on a lot of knowledge and skills. I'm not getting paid for it. So maybe while I'm buying the bottom, just like we did on SPX, on Giga, like we did on Kodi, like we did on a lot when the markets made that correction I was buying. Those coins that I'm buying, just suppose, because the Koreans weren't pumping at that time, but just suppose that we bought in a bottom formation accumulation we buy in. And then I know that, you know, if the Koreans will keep doing whatever it is that they're doing.

00:19:23
On the next correction, on the next dump, we got to buy in again. And then there's a chance that like 30, 40% of our bags that we bought in at bottoms will get pumped up with 3, 4, 5X only by the Koreans. And I haven't even started talking about, I haven't even started talking about when this will happen. Because when this will happen, that's what we're seeing today. And we're going to talk about it in a moment. If this thing starts dumping down, and you know, and you know, CZ will start saying like, you know what? OK, you know, I'm going to join the party. You know, I'm just going to join the party. I don't care. I want to join the party. So then you're going to see things like this.

00:20:07
Because this, you know, this pumps, this is what I've seen, by the way, guys, this is this is a 5x. This is almost a 10x. I've seen this. This is almost a 10x. This is almost a 10x on this coin only. Almost a 10x, you see this by the way, shout out to Salsara for uh pointing out this coin to me; I don't know, she did it on that account, but shout out to Salsara. But listen, this is a 10x, guys over here, this is a 10x. This will happen on a lot of coins; this is just a start. Look at this, oh wait a minute, MW you're getting bullish, oh this is dangerous! Easy guys, there was a beautiful post from one of the retail firm members today on Twitter; you know my Safari wasn't up to date, so otherwise I could show you everything I was talking about.

00:21:01
But listen, there was one beautiful member who said on a beautiful post: 'Who cares about altcoin season!' That's the exact answer; that's how I want you guys to be, that's how I want you guys to think, that's how it is. Don't think in bear and bull markets. Every day is a bull market for you. Every day is a bad market for you. You are out there trading what the markets are offering you. If you see the volume hitting up, if you see resistance, you short it. If you see volume hitting up, use the indicator and just ride the damn thing up until it makes you that 2,000% P&L. It's that simple. I've trained you already for this. I'm preparing you for what's coming.

00:21:41
And there is, you know, it's got to be like this every freaking day. Because, you know, whatever I think about Trump or whatever this, but I think that crypto and altcoins were just super early. There are so many altcoins at bottom formations. There are so many altcoins that will hit volume. There are so many altcoins that will fly. There are so many altcoins that are going to do 100x. I know they will. And by 100x, I'm not talking about Ethereum or Solana. There are some micro caps that will be ruling the charts just like Matic did. There will be. You just have to believe. And I'm not saying that you should put all your money on a coin and hope it'll make you to 100x. That's not how we do things.

00:22:25
We just follow what the markets tell us every freaking day. And that's what I'm doing. You know, my market analysis is done every week again and again. I'll tell you, okay, this is where you have to be offensive. This is where you have to be defensive. This is where you have to be careful. This is where you have to take some profits. This is where you have to focus on the longs. This is where you have to focus on the shorts. You just go and freaking do it, and then you tell me, oh, well, MW, 50X, no, it's a little bit much. I get you, I feel you guys. I really understand you from the bottom of my heart because you guys have been scammed. You have been destroyed.

00:23:00
You have been wrecked by these monsters for years. So, at some point, your confidence and you know you know, and by the way, guys, this is even you know, I don't own any wrecked bags, but I think that a lot of you guys still own a lot of coins that are 80 70%, 90% down. So when you when you see your money, you know, I cannot, I'm gonna be very honest. It happened to me once, once, that you know, my portfolio came down so hard. And, you know, that was also when I started breaking the system and breaking the code and started training myself how to not lose money anymore. So I was lucky that, you know, I made it up in a matter of two, three weeks, and I was back.

00:23:44
But, you know, that feeling that I had when I saw my portfolio coming down with 70%, 80%, I never, ever, ever, ever want to feel that again. And, you know, I created a style that also will never happen again. It's impossible in my style to get my portfolio down with 20%. Not only with 70%, 80%, 90%, but 20% -they cannot get it down. It's impossible. It's impossible. And this is something I'm teaching you, and also something else very important. I was telling how I think that Helena will make a beautiful vid about this live stream. A lot of quotes also get created by Salsa, I think. but listen

00:24:26
you know i was you know you have to see everything in a snowball effect you have to build wealth on wealth that's how the people on wall street do it they build wealth on wealth they build wealth on wealth they build wealth that's also what you have to do with your trading with your trading portfolio don't don't think oh it's impossible no you have to think like this focus on not losing that's all you have to do and you know your portfolio every day will there will be another opportunity there will be another trade there will be another you know another rise another big dump you know you just have to wait and when you wait when you're patiently waiting and then strike believe and just go in do it and then you'll see the big games coming and pop boom take them next one Next one, next one.

00:25:22
And every time when you start using the same funds that you are doubling up, so your positions will get bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger. But at the same time, you have to put in that defense style of not losing because when your snowball effect, the snowball can get only bigger. It cannot get smaller, you know. Or your snowball has to get into some desert and melt down. Always keep looking for the cold weather and keep rolling that snowball. And it's possible. I'm giving you all the tools. I'm giving you all the knowledge out there to do this. But you have to work on it yourself also. Don't wait for me to come push the button for you. I'm giving you the tools. I'm giving you the way how to build your portfolio, the tools that you need.

00:26:09
Now it's you that has got to do it. Okay, so that was about that so let me now go So what's going on so this one is pumping Look at this is this is this is basically guys just this is big Look at this guys this this was here I don't know from when from 24 this this chart has been here, you know So when you see this, what do you think I did over here? Oh What do you think I did over here? Exactly. That's what I did over there. So this is what I was just explaining. You have to wait. Just wait for it. Let's wait for it. So this magic is pumping today. I think that this is just Bitcoin getting flipped. And, you know, look at this.

00:27:02
You think it pumped? Is this a pump? Look at this. What is this? This is a pump of. 132 but one look at this guys 130. Just think if this thing gets to all-time high again just saying why not easy peasy a 30x ah by the way guys I don't know nothing about this magic I think it's I don't know what it is I don't give a crap what it is by the way I would just trade this thing on the indicator just make money who cares look over here you got it over here this is This is how I see coins. You know, I gave you guys the best indicator in the world. So here you go. Okay. So you got this bump up. Whoa. Boom down. Whoa. Boom down.

00:27:54
Indicator. Whoa. And there we go again. That's it. That's it. That's it. You can even put it on the 50 minute if you want. You know, here you go. Look. Whoa. Come here. This was your entry. Whoa. Whoa. And over here, you take profits, you wait for it, then over here, boom! This is your entry again, and there you go again, and there you go again. It ain't so bad; it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad. You just watch it, so let me go to this voxel, so voxel pumped a little bit too much in my opinion. So that was by the way, because listen, this thing was by the way. The funding rates were very red, so this wouldn't be an entry, but you know, you have to be, you have to be an experienced professional trader to to to decide to take uh to take to take this trip.

00:28:45
But let me tell you, this listen, so this will come up in uh one of the next upcoming uh leverage trading course vids, but this is how uh how I think and how professional traders think. So this thing comes into this, is really strong resistance. There's no you know, there's no doubt about that, so this is really strong resistance over here which is single and a weekly, so even if the funding rates are red, who gives a f***? I did not swear, so I'm paying 500 bucks by the way. Every live stream that I'm not sure but listen guys, you know, I when you when the funding rates are super red and you see that this thing makes a move up, like you know what is it, what is this?

00:29:31
This is a move up of 600 on uh, today. Today was so today, the only today, so I'll forget about the other day, so this is a pump of form; it's a lot, it's a lot, it's too much. So in my opinion as a professional trader, I think To myself in my mind, okay guys wait a minute these bulls are getting excited uh exhausted because this is just too much and especially it comes together with this one also so when you're gonna trade this, you know Why not? Short the crap out of it. You have to just short the crap out of it in momentum. So just in, out, in, out. So the funding rates will not hit you. The funding rates will not hit you before the funding rates will start settling down.

00:30:19
You are already out. I hope that you guys understand it. So this is the move up. This is the resistance level. And this is where you take profits. It's that simple. So that's that. Oh, my God. It's today, Easter. I should be playing with some bunnies today. I don't know why I'm doing a freaking trading course vid. By the way, you guys are going to get the other case trading vid will be to the previous one that I made on Barrow. You also get that one very soon. I just need to settle the group down first. But look at this broccoli. Okay. Why not? Free money. Boom, boom. This was a 400% in three, four minutes. It's free money. Same story. You got over here. You got this. You got this resistance.

00:31:20
Just like we saw in Voxel. You start DCA-ing in over here slowly. It goes higher. You got to put more, more, more. And then on the rejection, when they get exhausted, you take the money again. You take the money again. And even if this thing would break up, you're trained to get yourself out of it. You're trained. You're trained. Because you have to see it like this. I already explained this today in the leverage, in the trading course vid. You know, for sure, if you're going to enter over here and over here, over here, there is a possibility that this thing might go up even more. And that's when you're going to get wrecked. No, you're not going to get wrecked because you're educated how to trade.

00:32:02
How to save yourself when the markets go against you, but you have to see it like this: 70-80% of the time this thing will dump down. So, if you know suppose that you would go to the casino, got black, got red, oh no! And I know you got green also, so let's just say you got only black and red. If you're gonna go there, you're gonna put like 100 bucks on red. Your chances are 50-50. Why would you gamble for 50? It's too much. Your odds are equal. So it's 50-50. But over here, if you're going to put in 100 bucks short, your money is, you know, it's 70-80%. The odds are with you. And even if the odds will be against you, at the roulette table, you're going to lose 100 bucks if it falls on red.

00:32:54
But over here, no, because I'm training you how to save yourself from any loss over here. Are you feeling me when I'm telling you here? I want to see in the chat if someone is, is there really someone understanding what I'm saying? I think I'm just, I think I'm just speaking to myself. So also, you know what I'm going to do? Now I'm going to smoke a cigarette and you're going to do some music. And I want the retail fan to share their altcoins that they want me to chart after this, because I'm going to do. And I want also, if someone has got some questions also. Also some questions that I will answer and the most important part are they understanding what I'm saying boom boom

00:33:59
Breaks every rule Retail fam We know the sound Pump it

00:35:38
dumping dumping let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see dumping dumping or dumping oh dumping dumping oh everything is everything is dumping pumping money is printing it's okay thank you for the music okay let me see let me see SNS is it time to buy Efi I already explained you that SNS is you have to do some research on on the fundamentals because I don't know what's going on over there If you want me to give you my honest opinion about the tokenomics and about the chart, I can give you that. But you have to keep in mind, you have to look for the fundamental. What is the team doing? Because this dump was pretty big. And based on the charts, this is a great buy.

00:36:22
So just, you know, let me tell you this. If the Koreans will, I don't think this one is listed on Upbit, but just think about it. If this thing, is this on Upbit? I don't think it's on Upbit. It's not even on Binance. I think that, you know, let me tell you what. What? It's a $1. 5 million market cap. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. You know, this is now where I cannot help you. You have to help yourself. you have to you have to you have to you have to you have to do some research on this sns this is by the way uh because there's another it's uh sinus one i think this is uh i think this is uh an ai coin uh let's see do i got some data about this do i got some data about this but listen guys if there is some teaching coin you want to buy this is one of those this is 1 .

00:37:35
5 guys come on guys just you know just imagine just don't buy it now by the way don't buy it now don't go rush by but it's your own choice but if you want to buy this if you want to buy this let me show you let me show so this is now at accumulation You cannot get anything better than something like this now. This is 1 . 5 million, 3 million fully diluted market cap. Come on, bro. Come on, bro. What is this? This is, you know, this thing makes you a 10x. You know, the Koreans have only to open up, you know, listed, boom, 10x. Your money is 10x. It's that simple. It's just, you know, listed, 10x, boom. It's that simple.

00:38:23
And let me tell you this uh since you are uh showing me this i'm gonna do some research on this if i see that the team is still if there is a little bit of life in that team and in this project i'll buy it and when i buy it you see it go up like this i'm not gonna i'm not gonna pump your bags guys i'm not gonna dump your bags but listen it's you know if i'm gonna buy it you see something like What happened? Yes, MW bought it. Listen, guys. So this thing, this sign is, I have to do research on the team, see if there's a little bit of life in here. But based on the tokenomics, you know, 1 . 5 million, 3 . 3 million, this chart is looking great. Everything's looking great. It's looking, this is maybe one of the top 10 best buys in crypto. Based on the tokenomics and on the charts. But again, you have to do, is there any life in this coin? Is there something going on in this coin or whatever? So this is something you have to keep an eye on. So that's about it. So let me go. Let me see some questions over here.

00:39:41
We understand, lazy bear. Thank you. Thank you. Hype, Arweave. Arweave? Arweave. Okay, Arweave. Understand. Thank you. Ask about funding, time period, et cetera. It's very simple, Joao. You know, when you see the clock is ticking, and there is a style for this. There is a style for this, Joao. There is a style for this. It's a little bit complicated for me to explain this on a live stream. It has to be in a – It has to be in a trading course. But let me tell you this. You know, I trade funding rates. How do you trade funding rates? What you see is a lot of times when the ending comes of the funding rate, a lot of shorts, they jump out.

00:40:30
And when you see shorts jump out in the last minute, two minutes, you see the price spike up. And the price spikes up because of those funding rates, because of those shorts getting close, because they don't want to pay for the funding rates. But if, you know, a professional trader, what he does is, you know, he already analyzes that. He already sets up everything. He starts putting in sell orders. So what happens then is, you know, the professional trader, he's willing to pay those funding rates, but the money that he's getting back, because most of the times what you see is when the funding rate settles, then you see the price dump down because the shorts get out. So he pays for the funding rates. He calculates that number.

00:41:16
And when it dumps down, he directly takes profits. You have to see it like this. So I'm giving you $100 and I'm getting $500 back in a matter of two, three minutes. I know it's crazy. Guys, this is a whole other style. This is, you know, they call this the funding rates trading. in the professional world you know there are some people that's all they do they only trade funding rates they just you know they go in in like 20 seconds they're out so they made for example i made 2k made 3k made 4k made 2k sometimes it goes against them uh it happens also so the funding will get set up and then the price you know the price goes up even higher So it happened.

00:42:03
That's just, you know, that's the risk management that you have to calculate in. But overall, you got to make really a lot of money. So that's about that. The song is legit. Thank you, Mr. I don't know, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean lettuce. Thank you. So what do we got? and what time you look for entry to 50 depends on what you're trading erwin erwin if you are on the charts you want to just day trade or scalping trader you trade five minutes 15 minutes if you're in it for it you know for the for the for the for the for the bigger time frames for our one hour but um let me tell you this don't do this on a sunday

00:42:42
because the markets open at night and when the markets open they could destroy your trade so you could you should do this analyze trade it the best is traded on monday tuesday wednesday and close it around saturday so uh that's about that so uh what do we got more i've got i thought that you stopped smoking because a lot no i i don't i never said that i stopped smoking did i say that mike i didn't say that i stopped smoking um inside because in the netherlands i was i was i was i was smoking at my desk and i stopped smoking so i have to go now to another office i've got a beautiful view and I've got a beautiful balcony where I smoke; I never said I stopped smoking, I hope I'm gonna, I hope I'm gonna stop smoking, but yes, I understand, okay?

00:43:29
Thank you. Layer audio, a layer is just what I did, I did a freaking a freaking attorney goes, wait about layer so you find it there, uh, there was I need a MW. What is this? I need, I need, I need, what is this? I need, I need, I need a, I need a MW. Neuralink transplant. No, bro. All I have to do is just listen. Blur LSK. Okay, well, Bill S. Is this the last time it came down? Yes, Lamia. Yes, Lamia. Oh, Lamia is into the macro. Lamia, the macro is for Sunday. So that's what we do. We didn't do it today because of all the pump and dumps by Koreans and Binance. So, yeah, so, you know, but, you know, Lamia, to talk about this is, you know, there are some strange things, strange things going on.

00:44:21
You got now this Trump want to get rid of this Powell. But it's, you know, it's a very important thing. So let me explain you what I think. So what I'm seeing now is, you know, Powell is holding the rates. Trump is telling him to cut the rates. But if we're going to cut the rates, the dollar would probably crash down. But then you got Powell, Trump is defending the dollar. You know, I don't care what he's saying in the media or whatever. I know that he's defending the dollar. He has to. He has no choice. So Powell is defending the dollar. Trump is forcing Powell to let the dollar crash. It doesn't make any sense to me. So there is no logic in this. And I'm trying to find the story behind it.

00:45:03
So for now, I just have to trust my charts because these puppets playing whatever circus they're playing out there, I don't know what they're doing. So this is something for next week. We're going to talk and see how it's going to react. But just keep in mind, because this is also something very important, is that Madame Lagarde is cutting rates and the euro is showing strength. It's also something very straight because this is the opposite of how you know, it's the same like, you know, when we're going to raise rates, markets go down. When we're going to cut rates, markets should go up. But what if the opposite will happen? Because that's what happens most of the time. Because if you would go to history, cutting rates is bearish for the markets and not bullish.

00:45:44
The sentiment, the narrative is telling us that it's bullish. And it's not when they cut rates, it's before. They're planning to cut through that's when you see to move up it's just like natural gas for example a commodity you know a lot of people what they do is you know in the winter when it gets very cold people start longing gas you know they think oil, gas you know it's very cold, cold winter a lot of people use gas so you know gas will probably go up, no, it's the opposite when you want to buy gas you do it in the summer when you know there's no demand for gas that's when you start longing you know and when the winter hits, then you start taking profits.

00:46:26
Now, I can talk with you guys about stocks, commodities, Forex. Now, I can talk about a lot of stuff, how you can make money trading not only crypto, and not only these shit coins. But you have to understand, you know, that's why I'm telling you, I'm telling you, trading, investing is a very big world of knowledge. It's a sea of knowledge. It's a sea of systems, how to do things. And I know that, you know. Most of you guys, you come from the Banters, from the Alex Backers, from the Altcoin Dadios, from the Bit Boys, from the whatever out there. And the only thing that you have been hearing past years is just, oh, this coin is going to make 100x. Oh, this one is going to make you rich.

00:47:08
They limit you in your knowledge. They keep you dumb. They don't tell you the real story. They don't tell you the real direction how to make money. You know, it's never too late. Alan, you know, I made already a trading course video in the past about funding rates, but there will be another one where I'll be explaining a trading course video about funding rates and how you can trade them. Also, tell you how professional traders trade funding rates, just like I explained. With this last-minute two minutes, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a training course with about that Alana Alana Alana Magdy, okay, Maggie, you use the Maggie, Maggie, Maggie, Alana Maggie, but basically it's very simple for you, Alana, if you are really new and you don't understand when funding rates are super red, meaning a zero point seven six or zero point zero point zero seven or zero point one two three or even

00:48:13
before the point, when you see super red, you have to be very careful when you're shorting an altcoin. The best way, if you are not trained, if you're not a professional, just don't. Just stay away from it. So if I took a long career and stopped pushing, should I get immediately or just hold it back? That depends on your macro-analyzed trend. So if it's a chase trade, let them pump and you keep doing just like I teach you today. Uh, and I make your money; uh, are we are everyone is all, what is it with our weave? Oh, by the way guys, by the way guys, we've got also this uh crypto 49 coming. You guys cannot imagine how many invitations I've been receiving for this, and you know, I still don't know if I'm going or not; I just don't know yet.

00:49:06
It's at the corner, so it's at the corner for me; I don't have to travel for it; it's just at the corner, and I still didn't decide. You know, why? You know, you know, I know that I'm gonna meet some people over there sometimes; you know, you know, I just, you know it's like this; it's like a lot of it's like my eyes will turn into red; you know, it's like I'm seeing; you know, I'm watching someone and then I'm seeing like a thousand bloody retailers. Then I'm seeing another person and then I'm seeing like 50,000 bloody retailers. You know, and you know, I don't know how to explain but you know. These people destroyed a lot of retail, it's just what it is, you know.

00:49:55
I know that a lot of you guys don't give a crap about that, but you know, it's for me. It's. Would you advise more smaller trades or less high-value trades? I explained today on the leverage trading course with Bro. Uh, I explained there. I'll go look up there. Very interesting. Uh, thanks for your time. Uh, when this is, you know, this is, you have to, this is, this is, this is her division, not my division. Yeah, probably next week. There's going to be news on it. Okay. Thank you. That was short. Okay, so let me, let me. So I got Arif. A lot of people are on Arif. So let me do Arif, for example. You guys want me to do Arif. Arif, by the way, is one of the coins that I missed a few months ago. I missed the pump. So I'm still having a revenge trade. I know I'm going to have a revenge trade on Arif. I missed that, but you have to see. Oh!

00:51:05
Oh, I missed this pump, by the way, guys. This is what I missed. But Arweave, Arweave, Arweave, Arweave, Arweave. You know, when I see Arweave, you know, there are also certain people in crypto that I think about that are shilling this to death. It's going to the moon. Just imagine all those people. This is an example that I just explained. They start shilling you, Arweave over here, over here, over here. And then, you know, you are here now. This is where you are. You are over here. And then, you know, they are just doing it to the next group. Arweave, let me check Arweave. You know, this is looking so, oh, Arweave really dumb. But, you know, it's because of Solana, I think. Arweave dumb. You know, what to say about Arweave.

00:52:04
oh we've always um yeah so let me tell you this i don't know what aurel is cooking out there uh i'm not seeing any big volume also on our it's really this oh but we're we're bottoming out so but it's you know we're bottoming out but you know is bitcoin did bitcoin bottom out i don't think so so always oh There is a Arweave Bitcoin chart. You can look at it. Is it also wrecked? Yes, really wrecked. Yeah, I thought so. Worse. Worse. Arweave, Arweave, Arweave. I haven't been eyeing Arweave for a long time, to be honest. You know, you have to see it like this, guys. Maybe I'm not the perfect. Person to ask about are we because why because you know I'm allergic to Solana so I'm allergic to Solana and uh there's a reason why I'm allergic to Solana, everyone knows this for me um I shorted Solana also at the top destroyed it, short ETF and you know Ari is related to you know just like Pith, you know those.

00:53:26
I want to see how Pith is doing by the way, I get all these flashbacks how I've been warning people about this Bith and Solana. But I do get it, by the way. Solana has been making a nice run-up. So if there are retailers that are still holding Solana, especially with 99% of influencers shilling it to death, I understand that they made a nice run-up. The fact is this. Uh, the only bullish thing about Solana is that that that the meme coins and you know I'm bullish on still bullish on certain meme coins, is that most of them they get traded on Solana so that gives Solana utility so that is you know and a lot of people you know understand that they made a lot of money on Solana also I think a lot of retailers made a lot of money just to be honest but uh they are destroyed now.

00:54:24
Basically, since I opened up short openly on Solana, that's exactly the moment when all the Solana people have been getting destroyed on meme coins, on Solana, on ARRI, on Bith, on everything Solana related. Even Radium is on my short ETF that made a nice rise up. But let me tell you this, Solana, you know, Solana has got, you know, they've got all the shillings in the world. So at some point, I think they will pump it up again because that's just what they do. They're just, you know. So this chart also, see this? So basically we're bottoming out over here. So this, yeah, you know, it's looking good to give my honest opinion on Arweave. Also based on this chart that I'm seeing now, it's looking good. But the problem is Bitcoin, guys.

00:55:17
If Bitcoin will hold the coming weeks, Arweave might make it. But let me be, let me be. Let me be super honest with you guys. I'm only interested in Koreans at this moment. So, you got the Koreans, you got the syndicate, and now we're seeing that CZ is also starting to flip on his exchange. Bitcoin into certain altcoins so that's my only focus because you know why if I'm gonna buy in here within a week over here and you know all we will make a 50 well great I've got to wait like a week for it but if I would just go into those high volume coins I can make that in uh you know I can make that in an hour two hours so you know so it's just the choice that you have to make and make and for me always is not finding that momentum now and uh so yeah so I'm really.

00:56:07
You guys cannot imagine how important for you guys is to keep checking on GTC Insider every day when the top 10 volume coins come in. And then you don't go in, oh, but wait a minute, MW, but it's already pumped. Yes, if it's already pumped, look for the short. Use the indicator. And if it's holding very strong, the volume is strong, just write the indicator. But let me tell you this. If you want the big coins, you have to buy them. You have to really buy them on the drops. Bitcoin is at 84-85, and you know that the US 500 is correcting a bit but we're not making it; we're not hitting the zones; we're not confident to start buying. And I, you know, I'm trading now.

00:56:52
Now it's trading; it's like I explained you in many bits of mine, you know. You've got the range so this is where you know the big shorts will start getting in just like I showed you past times and you know when we hit these zones, this is when the longs start getting open for the big gates. But we're now traveling in the middle; now it's now it's a trader's world in the middle when we are at these ranges. This is where you can make the big, the big decisions from okay over here I'm gonna buy myself some ARE WE YOU KNOW? But we are not here; we are in the middle now. I know it's sick when I'm explaining here and if you don't understand it by time you will; you have to just check uh on the market updates in the middle of the week when.

00:57:36
am i gonna explain you um i've made 100 of but this is normal bro this you see this uh the johan venta i think you're dutch um so um happy easter awesome like we say in dutch uh so but this is normal bro this is normal you know if you know what you're doing if you know how to make how to how to use the indie If you know how to use the indie, you can make these P &Ls like, it's just the momentum. You got to push up and then you got to push down. You got to push up, then you got to push down. The only thing, the logic is out there. The only thing that you have to, the most important part that you have to be skilled in is how will they not wreck me?

00:58:24
How can I play this game without them destroying me? You know, I can show you a way that is full risk. I can show it. And you can make maybe like four, five, six, seven massive trades. And when I say massive, massive. But they will only need to catch you one or two times and they will take it all from you. And that's why I'm doing things my way so we can still play. But at the same time, they, you know, they will not catch us on those two times. I eliminated that. So, you know. I remove that, that they will wreck you apart. So you can still play to make those big gains, but they cannot wreck you. And this is all that you have to do. You have to survive.

00:59:12
You have to survive in the process. And that's how you make money. So if you want to go to the average influencer out there telling you, okay, we're going to pump there tomorrow. We're going to pump there. We're going to do that tomorrow. You know, it's like the weather, you know, today they're bullish and then tomorrow it's sunny. And then the day after it's rain. You don't have to freaking tell me. That it’s raining today, I’m getting wet outside, tell me what weather is going to be tomorrow so I can prepare myself so I can get my how do you say this, we say paraplu in Dutch, how do you say this in English for the rain, you know that yeah I know I know the German word.

00:59:57
Guys, I’m sorry, but we got to do our live streams in Deutsch and in Dutch in the coming weeks. So no more English. Umbrella, umbrella. Umbrella, umbrella. Listen, guys, this is the problem. Sometimes those freaking words, they go out of my mind. So, you know, I need someone to tell me I’m going out tomorrow. And, you know, do I need to take my umbrella with me? Yes or no? That’s what I need. I don’t need all those big accounts to tell me, well, guys, it’s raining today. I freaking know it’s raining. I’m getting wet over here. I’m drowning here in the water. So this is the difference. This is the difference. I love you all. Thanks for watching. Happy Easter.

01:00:43
I hope that you guys all will enjoy your family time. I hope that you guys will make, especially the little ones, very, very happy today. Whatever it is that you're planning, if the family is coming along, Don't tell them about MW. Please don't tell them about me because they will get addicted to trading and they will lose sight from everything else. So don't tell them about MW. Tell them about Broccoli. Tell them about Bitcoin, about Ethereum, about how great it all is. Don't tell them about me because I'm crazy and I'm sick, and I know, and I love you all. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one. Bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 04-21-2025 Altcoin Season closer than ever before !! *** 

00:00:01
welcome welcome welcome mw i'm welcome again to waiting crypto welcome with the phone gonna do a live stream you know when i think it's time for a live stream i'll do a live stream because it's very important to say something you know and to give you guys a little bit of thoughts so a lot is happening that the the dxy has been uh losing support and you know it's you know a lot of people probably think okay well whatever but you know it's really a big change and also uh will uh have some impact on crypto and uh you know well i have to explain guys how i see it and how i think that uh the dxy will have a lot of impact on crypto and how we're Gonna act on it and how I'm gonna act on it, not you, I'll never tell you what you have to do, I'll only tell you what I'm gonna do.

00:00:53
So that's what we're going to talk about. Salsara is not with us today. I think she's sleeping. So, you know, it's very early. I also think that most of the Reto fam are sleeping. So for the ones that are with me over here, I don't know what. Let me know in the chat. Where are you guys from? What countries are you from? So I'm very interested to know where you guys are. So while the music is running. So share me what countries are you guys from? I'm very interested that you are with me on this time of the day. So, okay, let the music run. Boom, boom.

00:03:48
We got El Floreado, we got El Floreado, the person who took your top dog. We got this pop, we got Peter, we got Wally, we got Mijar, Christian, we got Pip, Steve, Zvon, Kurvoz, Snowy, we got Kawai, we got Alien, Hugh, hey, what time is it in the USA? Long and six, oh, this is Bob, this is Hugh. To say it, but you know I'm gonna say it the music's still running, guys! I know that it's funny; something I want to say my opinion is just my opinion, so, so it's no law. I think the people who wake up early are the most successful people in the world the ones that like to sleep until 9 a. m 10 a.m. m whatever i think that Those are not the successful people in the world.

00:04:52
I think the real successful people are always, like, 5, 6 a . m. they're awake. Yes, they are. You can agree to disagree. South Africa. South Africa. What do we got? We got New Zealand. Okay, we got Australia, India. Netherlands. Early bird. What do we got? We got Switzerland. Australia from Pip. We got Lord. We got Michael Gorba from the Czech. republic nice nice nice nice nice teacher from croatia oh that's yeah croatia we got peter from aussie oh it's 3 30 p . m so actually for the for the horses this is a great time this is a great time despite street it's for the horses oh uh what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got we got we took off yeah you know i'm you know how you know germany germany oh salarino also awake from germany that's great so On my way to work.

00:05:49
Oh, okay. Well, I'm sorry for that, bro. Top Doc, Lorena, Benjamin. You would say best times. Okay, best times. It's tasty. I got Ian Carr. I got Margarita Lopez. I got Piotr. We got Johan. Appeldoorn. Appeldoorn. Appeldoorn, my man, my bro. We got Richard from New Zealand. We got Gizzy Stan from Lisbon. I know the music is out of blue. I know. Taiwan. Oh my God, Taiwan. We've got Taiwan in here. Is crypto allowed in Taiwan, by the way? Is crypto allowed in Taiwan? It's something I want to know. Can you trade crypto over there? So we've got Russia. Oh, great. Also got Russian Lithuania.

00:06:59
I love this, by the way. You cannot imagine how much I love it; you know, Honduras, even Honduras is over here, you know, this is this is exactly this is exactly what you know, this is so important because I want to say this, I want to say this, I need to say this, you know. Um, there's a lot of hate in the world and there's a lot of racism, a lot of discrimination in the world, etc., you know. I don't believe in all that crap; in my opinion, it's... When you see racists, when you see people hating religions, when you see people hating people because they are black, yellow, red, whatever. This is how I see it. I'm going to explain this now: how I see it.

00:07:56
I think that there is a big elite in the world, rich people, super, super rich people. They infect us; they vaccinate us to hate each other. Because when people hate each other, that's when they will benefit from it. You know, because. Money has no color; you know, you have to see it like this. Let me give you guys just an example. For example, I don't know, someone hates a Muslim or someone hates a black guy because of his color or because of, or hates a Jew or whatever. You know, at some point, if that same neighbor would come to the, go to that neighbor, he'd tell him, listen, bro, you hate me because I'm a Jew. You hate me because I'm Muslim. You hate me because I'm black. Okay, no problem.

00:08:38
You hate me. Let me tell you, I'm going to do business with you. And we both can make a lot of money together. That hate will disappear in a second. It's gone. That hate is gone. So you have to see it like this, guys. You have to see it like this. You know, hate is for the stupid people in the world. People that hate each other because they have another culture, they have another religion, they have another color. It doesn't matter. They hate each other. You know, I can see this now in Dubai. For example, in Dubai, you can see this very good because in Dubai, you've got a lot of, you know, wealthy people over here. Those wealthy people, they respect the Muslims. They respect the Jews. They respect the Christians.

00:09:21
They respect everything. You know why? Because they are not stupid and they are not busy with hating each other for whatever ridiculous reason out there. Their only focus is, 'How are we going to make money so we can remain successful, so we can remain and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.' So, people that hate other people. For nothing, basically, because they have another religion, color, or whatever. It's because they're just stupid. And they are, you know, they're not, you know, they're not tunnel vision. And they're, you know, they're filled with hate. Miserable lives. Miserable lives. You know, I love everyone in the world. I love everyone in the world. I love people. I don't give a crap where you come from, how you look like, what your color is, what your religion is.

00:10:04
I don't give a crap. I love people. People have to be honest people, good people that want to make a living for themselves, that want to make a living for their children, that want to be successful, that want their families to have good things, they want their children to be successful, education, you know, just be happy in life. You know, there is no space for hate. And especially not because someone how is looking or whatever it is. It's really mind-blowing. But okay, okay, so. MW for world leader. No, no, bro. I hate politics. You know, I hate, hate, hate, hate politics. You know, I'm not, you know, I'm not out there for politics. I don't give a crap about politics. You know, I, you know, I'm all about making money.

00:10:51
You know, that's me. That's me. I'm about economics. I'm about, you know, making gains, making money. That's what I care about. So, okay. So basically guys, let me start it off. Let me start it off. So thank you so much, everyone. For joining in so basically, you know, I've been you know, I've been thinking a lot last night I've been analyzing markets for a lot of hours while you guys are probably sleeping and you know It's it's you have to see it like this guys This is this is this is the DXY losing support. No, I've pointed this out already I'm gonna be honest with you. I didn't expect this to dump as it's dumping now, so I didn't expect it. So I really thought that they would at least give a good fight.

00:11:41
Look at this, guys. Guys, this is, by the way, you know, you guys know me. I'm always predicting markets, always analyzing markets. But there is one thing I just can't figure out. I can't figure out what Trump is doing. I just can't figure it out. I know what the rest of the world is doing. I know. I just can't figure out what Trump is doing. And let me explain exactly what I want to say. So, the DXY, you know, it's already very weak. And it's already getting attacked from more than half of the world. You know, China, Russia, the BRICS, petrol dollar, Saudis, Iran, etc., etc. So the dollar is already very weak. The dollar is also, at this moment, they cannot, you know, they're already raising rates like crazy and holding the line, Powell, at this moment.

00:12:34
So the dollar will not drop even more. But, you know, Trump is, instead of defending the dollar, because that's, in my opinion, what he has been doing past decades, but now. It's like he's like, you know what, let the dollar crash. I don't know. I just don't get it. Because he wants to get rid of Powell. But Powell is the only one defending the dollar for now. So what is Trump doing? Because this is, by the way, now the fear that is in the markets, guys. You have to understand what the fear in the market is. The fear in the markets is the fact that Powell, that people are afraid that when Powell goes out, some other one comes in, and he starts cutting rates, this US dollar could crash.

00:13:21
Guys, this is super important what I'm saying now. Listen please listen to me. This is super, super dangerous. This is uh let me say this-you don't get me very scared now. You know a lot has to happen to get me scared, but I'm scared. You guys, you know. I'm no fan of the US dollar because you know they're just printing it and a lot of debt. But it doesn't change the fact that the US dollar is ruling the world. And if the dollar will crash, everything in the world will crash. So you have to keep this in mind. What we're also seeing is that normally when you see the US dollar crash, you would see the stocks rise. That's also something we're not seeing now. This is even more frightening.

00:14:14
For the ones that have been following me for a big while, you already know-that uh that that I told you when you see u . So, a dollar crushing and you see the stocks crushing at the same time, that's when you have to be scared, so this is number two uh for ones that have been following me for a while also, you know what my biggest bag is? My biggest bag, what I'm uh invested uh, it's no secret, I'm not hiding. This is silver and the and the Japanese yen um, if you would go to the Japanese yen, um, what is it? What are you hiding? It just doesn't matter, are you come over here, look guys, my basically my second biggest bag is now pumping like crazy so MWR, are you so sad?

00:15:15
You are just nailing it like you're always nailing it. Yes, I know, I made huge profits. I'm in big, super, super big profits. But it doesn't change the fact that it's, you know, I'm worried. I'm worried. And while I'm worried, why am I worried? You have to understand. It's not about, you know, for me, you know, I'm making a lot of money over here, because this is my second biggest bet. But it's not about that. It's about, I'm worried, where are we going? Because, you know, I need to see where are we going. I need to see the direction. I need to see what's going on. And at this moment, what Trump is doing, I just, you know, I'm not seeing it. What is his plan? Because you have to see it like this.

00:16:03
I already said this. If the DXY, if he will push it down even more. There is a big possibility that we cannot recover from that. Because I know it's just like, you know, the BRICS, this is a big opportunity for them. And the BRICS are coming. Either you like it or not, it doesn't matter; the BRICS are coming. So, China is not backing down. China is, you know, China is, you know, it was very, it was. It was very funny. I was listening to some economic Einsteins in the world, and they said, and then the question came up: if the DXY has no values crashing, if the stocks will crash, so where are you going to put your money? What are you going to buy? And then, you know, this very respected economic.

00:17:09
investor he told them i think that china you have to invest in china and i was laughing you guys always come like two three one month later than mw says something you know it's so funny these guys you know these guys are the highest respected people in the world economic people how is it possible that i always am like one two three months before them how is that possible but either way this is frightening because we didn't cut any rates we didn't know this thing will fall like crazy and you know for the gpy for the gpy because gpy is the one that is marching uh as crazy over here um we're reaching the red zone over here so this will be some kind of some sort of you know resistance over here in this red zone so i'll by the way guys i don't you know you have to understand me as a trader I'm a trader, you know I'm an 80% trader, 20% investor.

00:18:12
I will take profits if we get into the red zone. I'll take profits just when I do, you know. Even though um, everything is looking at the fact that we could just blow above this red zone. I'm just saying because let me zoom out for you guys to understand why I, you know. This chart has been here by the way for months maybe even years so you have to understand this because you guys are seeing this now and think okay yeah well okay whatever but you, you are not seeing the bigger picture look at the bigger picture, look, look at the bigger picture of it. Seeing this? Look at this guy's you see how the From 2012, how the US dollar has been destroyed in the Japanese yen, you know how much this is, guys?

00:19:03
This is 53%. That's a lot, guys. The US dollar has been destroying the yen with 53%. So, this rise up is nothing. It could even reach these levels over here, guys. It could reach these levels over here. 97%. And we're still very far away. So the DXY will suffer from this. Because let me show you something else. Let me show you this one. Where is it? We're going to talk about crypto in a moment because I've got, look at this, guys. Look, this is the euro. Look at this. The euro is, you know, going bananas. People are flipping US dollars. I think this is Europe itself, by the way. Look at this. Because the euro is also, by the way, since we're talking about the euro against the US dollar, also 40% down.

00:20:02
This is also, you know, so basically this euro could march up over here to these levels to start with. And when we see the euro bumping, the euro should be very, it has always been like this. When the euro starts bumping up, stocks also start bumping up, but they are not. Okay. So basically, this is now what, you know, when I want you, when I wanted you, let me first of all start explaining you guys why I think what I am. But let me now go to something that will probably surprise you-now what I'm going to say now. This will probably surprise you, what I'm going to say now. And this free fall, I think, I think that at some point when, you know, when there's big money, they don't have. The NVIDIAs, the micro strategies. They don't have the Amazons. They don't have to hold the US dollar. To buy gold, it's too expensive. So what are they going to do with their money? Now comes the very dangerous thing that I think.

00:21:22
Wait a minute before we got this one as someone who lives in Japan, the yen is extremely weak with an engaging problem, listen bro, listen bro Timothy, listen you it's not about the narrative if the yen is weak or not weak or the economy of Japan is weak, bro, you have to understand me; no hard feelings, I don't give a freak about that for me; it's only about making gains and if the yen is for me the way against the US dollar It's making me 30, 40% in my portfolio. There's nothing weak about the yen. So you can say the yen is weak. US dollar is also weak. So you have to compare them to each other, you know; that's what it's all about. But again, you can agree to disagree.

00:22:10
So now comes the most important thing is this. I think that when people You know when people with money they have no clue what they do with their money anymore, I think that crypto could be an answer. Yes, I think that crypto could be an answer because if you know, if you can't buy this, the money has to go somewhere. People have, you know, people are hungry to you know to invest their money somewhere. So when you got all these, you know, crypto, the facts are there that, you know, the world is, you know, embracing crypto. Crypto is getting all over. Okay, crypto this, crypto that. So I think that crypto could be one of the answers to invest some money in, to make some gains.

00:23:06
Because, you know, if I can't make my money on Nvidia making a 10x in two years, well. I can make it on Ethereum, for example. Why not go into something? So you have to see it like this. It's, you know, the money, there is a big bag of money and it's getting squeezed and people, you know, they don't know what direction this money has to go to. So crypto could be the, you know, crypto could be the answer. And, you know, if that money starts flowing in, we might get those 2021. You know, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I think this is what I think. And you guys are here with me because you want to know what I think. This is what I think.

00:23:54
I think that crypto is, I think that crypto could be an answer to this. If you don't know anymore where, you know, when, when, when. I think that crypto could be an answer. And let me show you exactly what I mean. Because, by the way, guys, I was thinking about this. I was analyzing last night, and then I went to sleep. But, you know, when I woke up, it was, you know, exactly as I thought it was showing me on the charts. Because look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Let me get a clean chart. Let me get a clean chart. So let me remove this. Go away. Let me show. Let me give you guys an example why what I was analyzing last night. It basically, it happened.

00:24:43
And, you know, this is what happened. So what time was it? When I was analyzing it, it was, I was over here. This is where it was when I was analyzing this. And, you know, I also told my friend, yes, I told him we're going to get a little bit of that Dutch afternoon. I think that Bitcoin will pump after it. Look at this. So we've got this one. It's a four-hour candle. Let's see this. It's one, two, three, four, five four-hour candles. Uh, look at this, um, let me do it like this, I need to get myself some clean shots. Look at this guys, wow, I've seen this are you seeing this one, two, three, are you seeing this?

00:25:28
Look at this so basically what we're seeing now is that Bitcoin is outperforming the US 500 at this moment, so it's, you know, the thing that I was thinking about yesterday before I went to sleep, we're seeing it on a chart now. It happened after it and this is, in my opinion, why I think that at some point, you know, the money will come into crypto because, you know, gold is too expensive. Although I think that gold will go higher, people will just buy gold. But Bitcoin is not that high. So I think that Bitcoin. That bitcoin, you know, it's it's it's it's it's you know it's it's it's a little bit of a

00:26:19
risky thesis, but I think that bitcoin will find some momentum and when I say bitcoin, I'm not talking about bitcoin because now comes my second thesis because you know I think that bitcoin uh will make a rise up, I'm not saying that it will not make a rise but I think that after bitcoin I think that the money will not flow into bitcoin, I think that most of the money will flow into altcoins. So this rise up, this huge candle up, it's just people flipping their, you know, I'm going to show you also over here. Look at this. I seen this. This USDT is back to the US dollar. So it's not, you know, it's going down. So when it goes down, a lot of USDT people, they don't want their value of the US dollar going down.

00:27:04
So they flip it into Bitcoin or other altcoins, whatever. So they just flip it. And that's what we saw always. So we had this trend line holding from uh, because you can, you can, you know, I can remove this one; you can say that we were holding over here from this is from uh basically from when uh, uh, when Trump became president and we just lost this timeline; this I seen this; we lost it over here. And then you know, so what we're seeing is and this is logic, also guys; this is not you know when you see the DXY dumping, wait a minute, why am I holding this crap? It could dump my, you know, the value of my US dollar could just dump with 10% in two, three days. What am I doing? So let's flip it into Bitcoin or into altcoins or whatever. So that's what we're seeing now. So this, what you're seeing over here, this rise up, what is it? So this rise up that you're seeing over here, this is just people flipping their US dollar into Bitcoin just to be safe, to not get, you know, to not get dumped on.

00:28:14
Why do you think the dollar doesn't go to gold? Gold is super expensive, bro. I already said it. Silver is just still, you know, silver is my biggest bag, by the way. But silver is still super cheap. But this is what is going on now. So it's, in my opinion, there is really a switch going on over here. And this could explode because, you know, you have to see it like this. What we have been seeing. With the Koreans they already started this like two weeks ago, I was talking by the way to another influencer and I told him, bro, I've been showing my retail firm for two weeks now about these Koreans-why is nobody on City talking about this? What's going on with you guys?

00:28:59
Well, the answer was exactly just like I told you-they're not getting paid to talk about it. But so, These Koreans, they started this already. So, Koreans are starting these pumps up on the altcoins. I think this is only a start. I think this is really only a start. And we saw yesterday, because this is also, because let me take you now to the next, where am I, you know, you want my end game, how I'm seeing it. This is what I'm seeing. We saw also yesterday. On these candles over here, we saw that several altcoins were pumping on Binance. And I explained to you yesterday, it's not new money flowing. It was really Bitcoin getting flipped against them. But look at these guys. I think, I really think, this is what I think.

00:29:49
This is my endgame. This is what I'm eyeing now. Where are you? Look at this, guys. I want you guys all to take like two minutes. Just look at it. That's all I'm asking. Just look at it. Just, you know, silent. Not silent. I'm going to give you guys a little bit of music. And I want you guys all to take like two minutes or one minute and watch this thing. Just look at this chart. That's what I do. I look at it for like hours. You guys just look at it for a minute.

00:30:57
okay so basically what you you know you know you know by the way uh cool cool cool cool i don't convince people you have to do whatever it is that you want to do but you i didn't finish my my ideas i didn't finish my my analyze yet you need to wait and never do things that you know you have to do it on your own so i i'm just over here to show you guys uh what i think my thoughts and what you do for yourself that's on you and be very careful with silver by the way because silver is is super cheap but the dollar is also super down so any any any bounce on the us dollar could could get uh silver down by the way i never buy silver if the us dollar is very down i always buy silver on the us dollars very high but you know that's for another stream so look at this guys are you guys seeing this This is Ethereum versus Bitcoin.

00:31:51
Ethereum versus Bitcoin, guys. Look at this. Just look at this. Let me just take, for example, let me just take 2017. Are you seeing this, guys? Are you seeing this? Just look at this. This is, I don't know if you can see it, it's 90% down. 90 down, 90, 90, so 90 down; I know that you know Bitcoin has been adopted as a you know, the digital gold, whatever this Bitcoin dad Michael Saylor says that there's no second best, whatever, whatever; but you have to keep in mind that Ethereum also has been adopted past months years and years. Ethereum has got you know, something that works. Bitcoin has got something, the blockchain, that doesn't work. Well, at least it works, but it works very badly.

00:32:52
And I know that there are better chains working, even better than Ethereum. Let's talk about Solana, talk about Surrey, talk about a lot of chains out there. But this ETH, she's still the queen. So ETH has been, you know, they have been dumping it a lot, by the way. But I think that you know I think that it's almost time and I think that it's time to start focusing over here because you know if you missed the Bitcoin pump with the sport ETFs and etc don't miss the ETH pump because I think that ETH will, you know, just look where we are, you know, by the way it's only six or seven percent left

00:33:41
reach my my box by the way guys I've been showing this box from over here somewhere I don't know when I've been showing this this this this chart for four years now and I was always telling people listen prepare yourself prepare yourself prepare yourself so let me take it a step further let me take it a step further so basically what we're seeing over here so we've got this bottom over here fine So this would be a huge. This is, by the way, on the monthly, guys. This is the monthly chart. This is the monthly chart, which you're seeing over here. So don't expect Ethereum to just go up the next two hours or tomorrow or next week. This is the monthly chart. Listen, guys, look at this.

00:34:26
This move, this move is huge. This is, you know, this is what you're seeing over here. And, you know. You have to see it like this. People that are owning a lot of Bitcoin. Is it time to start flipping some of your Bitcoin into Ethereum? I don't know. But you just check this chart. And why is this chart so important to us? This chart is super important to us. Why? Because this is altcoin season. What you're seeing over here, this is formal level this is what you have been missing in the you know we had we had the bull cycle um but it was you know it was only Bitcoin doing whatever it is that it was doing.

00:35:20
Altcoins, you know they you know they they went a little bit up but this is altcoins that you're seeing over here so if if if Eth would just just reach this level Every single one of you guys will be financially independent. That's it. That's it. Every single one of you guys. At least if you own some altcoins. If you're going to buy some altcoins, trade altcoins. Do the MW style. You'll get even. Is there something more than financially getting financially independent? I don't know. I don't know. But this is, you know, this is the orange juice on the earth. This is the orange juice on the earth. Because you cannot imagine all the money that has been flowing into Bitcoin. That's a fact.

00:36:07
And if that money will flip into all these cheap altcoins, those will make really boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. If you will be, you know, you cannot even, you know, at some point you will not. I don't know how many of you guys have seen the previous cycles and altcoin seasons. But, you know, this, guys, this is it. What you're seeing over here. And look how close we are to the box. And then, you know, what does this mean for Bitcoin? Because, you know, the best case scenario for Bitcoin is Bitcoin is this. This is Bitcoin. Bitcoin has to be, you know, ranging. Let me use this chart for you guys. Because, you know, but Bitcoin will fly. No, no, Bitcoin could dump down to 60K.

00:36:57
It might be, you know, but it will not change anything. So Bitcoin could reach this level here. And you've got this, let me just say, let me just show you guys for example, I don't think, but let's let's just say something like, let's just say something like this. Let's take 95 so if Bitcoin, well, you know, well, if we're going to get it, Bitcoin needs to go like this, you know, it needs to go sideways, it needs to go sideways. This is what Bitcoin needs to do in the meantime, and even if Bitcoin would dump down to 60k in my opinion, it's gonna be your biggest buying opportunity ever, ever, ever, so basically what I'm saying over here is is that on the next drop on the next dump, I'm going to load up.

00:38:02
So, I took profits from the previous dump, but I'm going to load up and I'm going to load up even heavier this time and only on altcoins and ETH. So, these are the words I'm going to load up. So, this is what I'm going to do. And in the meantime, if we don't dump, because now the money is flowing into Bitcoin, as you guys are seeing, it's really pushing over here. And I think Bitcoin could really make a strong move up today, by the way, guys, keep that in mind. So, Bitcoin, you know, let me show you guys. So, this is our chart. This is what we traded. So, we shorted the crap out of this. We bought over here. We took profits over here. And now it’s rising up over here.

00:38:45
So basically, now this is my plan. Let me explain to you my plan. My plan is this. So for now, if this thing wants to rise up even more. It's just trading. Long, short, long, short, long, short. Short the FOMO, long the momentum down, the money flow. But in the meantime, but, you know, I'm going to wait. I'm going to wait because at some point, this thing will retrace. Everyone is going to retrace. I don’t care if it’s going to be 82K or it’s going to be 79K or it’s going to be 74K. I don’t care. But I’m going to buy it up very heavy. I’m going to buy very heavy in a lot of altcoins. Then you can ask me, but what altcoins are you going to buy in W?

00:39:28
I'm going to show you in a moment. So, and I'm going to explain to you also why I'm going to buy them. So basically what happens is, you know, you've got this Bitcoin now finding some of them because of the DXY, just like I explained to you in the beginning of the stream. But suppose that we're going to get a retread because you always get this, you know, if the wheels want to buy in, they're going to dump this down for you. So they're going to push it down. So if this thing is going to push down, this is what I'm interested in. So first of all, ETH. You don't have to discuss ETH or physical ETH. So, if you want safe heaven, if you want safe ETH, then you can tell me, oh, but ETH is dying.

00:40:03
Yeah, whatever. I know those stories. I heard them before. I'm buying ETH. You know, what they're telling you is for them. I'm telling you I'm buying ETH. So in case you want to know, you want to know what I'm doing, that's why you're here, I'm buying ETH. So, ETH. It's very important also, uh, while you're gonna decide what you want to buy if you're gonna get that retrace or you want to trade it because, you know, the markets don't wait for us. If they don't want to retrace, they're going to ramp it up before the retrace. So I'm going to trade it. You know, I'm an 80 trader so... But now is the time to start looking for the big caps in my opinion. So, the smokers will also pump up, by the way.

00:40:47
I'm not saying that they won't, but if you are, especially for a high volume trader, it's now time to start focusing on the big apps because, in my opinion, most of the Bitcoin will flow into those ones. So, first of all, we got this tao Tao is finding some momentum, uh, against, uh, Bitcoin, the past two weeks also, a lot of shilling reeling, whatever it is so... Tao is over here finding some momentum. And DAO is, by the way, against Bitcoin. This chart, you know, it still has got a lot of space to go. Then we got this one also. This is the previous, I think, this is previous FDM. So this thing has been going sideways against Bitcoin also very strongly. So this is also one that is on my radar.

00:41:32
So as Sonic, I think it's Sonic, I think, as FDM, whatever. So then we got BNB. BNB is, you know, BNB is just a monster. You know, BNB, you know, BNB is at very high levels. By the way, don't look at this chart. This is the real chart. Are you seeing this? BNB is at very high levels. BNB, you know, BNB is the market leader. BNB is the market maker. BNB is everything. They decide if this thing goes up or down. But BNB also, you know, it has got a lot of power to rise up because, you know, this is just Binance. Binance, CZ, if, you know, if dominance is going to drop, I'm going to pump my BNB. It's that simple. It doesn't even matter what the chart is.

00:42:10
You know, even if it would be over here. If diamonds will start dumping, Binance will start just romping up their BNB. It's, you know, it's that simple. So, let me talk about, for example, say. Say, by the way, guys, say I like this chart. I'm going to show you exactly why. And I'm going to tell you what I like and what I don't like. Because, first of all, we had this, you know, we had this, I think this Trump Foundation started talking about buying some shares. So, you have to keep in mind that these guys, they share something and do the opposite. They show the crap out of it. But the only thing that I don't like about this thing is that the fully diluted market cap is, you know, it's basically a double.

00:42:53
But keep an eye on Say. Say is super wrecked against Bitcoin. So if the Bitcoin chart starts flowing, if Bitcoin starts getting flipped into Say, Say could go very, very hard. By the way, let's do. So, Arweave is, in my opinion, also, you know, these are one of those coins; if you're interested in Arweave, to buy them at these levels. Because this is how I see it, guys. I know. I see things differently from most people. But, you know, it's very simple work, guys. If they're going to start flipping Bitcoin, we are at very low. So, Arweave is one of those coins. Just a little bit of Bitcoin flip could. Make at least two

00:43:37
three x on our weave so uh I'm just talking now about the big gaps I'm gonna talk in another live stream about the small gaps so uh say we talked about it and then we got XRP or XRP, I you know I removed it before I started this stream but I, you know, I calculated this triple into perfection and uh this is massive so XRP is uh yeah what to say it's still got you look at it where it is, this pump that we saw, this is nothing we're just at the accumulation zone so XRP is also looking super good, Injective also uh I want this a little bit higher to be honest, a little bit lower so let's see, so this is not ideal for me I wanted to hit this zone um and then we got this one I already talked about it guys, you guys already know uh this thing I think this thing will go hard.

00:44:33
So this is one of those that I'm super bullish on. I think the T-Rex will go hard. So look where we are against it because you have to see it like this. I've showed you guys where BNB is, Look where Tron is. I think that Tron will, you know, you see this spike up. If this thing goes above this line, Tron will go bananas. If you want, especially if you are really, you know you are a high volume big investor, you have a lot of money and you want you want what what is this oh so you, you want you want you know you want you want to risk it a little bit for some high rewards, I think the Tron is one of those; I think, really, the Tron is one of those that you could go really big on and you know make some really big big big money on.

00:45:24
I think the Tron is. I'm, you know, I'm super bullish on Tron. Let me just say that. I'm super bullish on Tron. Let me show you the next one, Algo. This is also one, you know, I think that fundamentally Algo is a very, very good project. Look where we are, guys. We are at almost all-time lows. Look at this. Look at this. I've seen this. This is one double bottom boom up, one double bottom boom up, guys don't underestimate this boom double bottom up. You have to keep in mind that this these are one of those opportunities, look at this, look at this, look at it. And by the way, guys, I'm not saying to buy now; this is just for you guys to know. You have like a portfolio, okay? What am I going to trade now? What am I going to long at some point? What am I going to look for to make some nice gains? Because you have to keep in mind that Aldo is super, super, super, super wrecked. You know, this is my style. I look at the strong fundamentally coins that are so super wrecked and especially against Bitcoin.

00:46:46
This, guys, is a $1. 7 billion market cap; look at this-where we are-look at this, you know, so this is this is in my top three coins that I think will make, make, make a nice, nice, nice ramp up. I think Algo will find some momentum next one, Doge yes, Doge guys, because Elon Musk has promised us that this year He will make Twitter into some financial institute, whatever it is. Well, he has got the U. S. President behind him. So we have to, you know, it will probably be like that. And always don't forget that Doge is the one that, you know, that starts up the altcoin season. It has been like this previous cycle. So it's, you know, when altcoin season starts ramping up, it's Doge starting.

00:47:40
And, you know, it will not be a coincidence when you see Elon Musk starting to. tweet something about doge or whatever so also with this with this financial system that he's gonna integrate into into twitter maybe doge will have a role in that one i don't know well so you have to really keep in mind that we're also uh finding some this is like a triple guys i've seen this so we got this one this one this one so only this rise up could make you a lot of money on doge so you guys know me guys and W talking about those yes I'm talking about those guys I'm talking about where you can make the money talking where you can make the money so that's that's that's that's that's what I'm showing you now so Doge is also one of those coins to keep really an eye on.

00:48:30
Let me go to Linky. Linky is also finding support. I wish that Link would be over here, to be honest. I wanted Link at this moment, at 845. I was really hoping that it would reach, but it isn't. It is holding the line over here, but I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not so interested in Link because of this chart. Because I just love to buy bottoms, you know when I see I'll go, I rather buy all of them and buy LINK. You know, I rather buy VJ. Let me show you VJ or autumn. Look at autumn. This is you know. Even if the fundamentals and the formals would be much higher on Link, I would rather buy a coin like, you know, VeChain, Atom or Orwi, for example, that are super ranked against.

00:49:23
Because why? When the move comes, it will be bigger than on LINK. I know it will. Because those moves will be explosive. Look at Atom. Look where Atom is. Just look at it. Look at it. I'm just saying. Let me show you NEAR. Near all the phones near this, near that AI whatever crap out there, near near near then it you know it's just dying here, near is just dying against Bitcoin over here, so we made a new low, so near is also one of those coins that you know it's just dying. Uh, let me go to Suey look at Suey, Suey this, you know this, I don't know when I drew this thing, I think I don't know, I don't know when I really have no clue when a long time ago I think but um,

00:50:12
have to see it like this, Suey we didn't read this level and you know it hurts me that it did it, I really hope that it would come to this level because this would be super polish or Suey so we're still over here but I think that Suey will. You know, I think that's when I was very bearish assuming on the top of the rise up, but you know now on the retrace, I think that's Suey on every dump, I'll probably buy some Suey up, although although the tokenomics are not that good, but they're you know they're the fundamentals they are really, they're really doing great, they really are rising ups of Suey uh. If Suey comes down to these levels around uh 19 or below the 20, you know I think that Suey will also be one of those points um.

00:50:59
Let me basically tell you one of my favorites is V Chain and V Chain, you know already hit my blue zone into perfection over here, but let me tell you. This uh level slide 22: Everything between 30 and 20 is, you know it's just a dream, it's just a dream so v chain uh, I know, I know you either like v chain or you hate it. I love it, and I'll buy myself really a big bag of features That's just what it is. I'm going to buy myself really a big bag of VJ. I'm going to buy myself a big bag of VJ. I don't give a crap. I'm just going to buy myself a big bag of VJ. Then you can ask me, well, why MW? Why? Yeah.

00:51:49
Well, you know, if China is the one that's going to rule the stocks and everything's going to rise up, well, this is the number one China crypto product they have. So I'm just going to buy VJ. Because, you know, vChain is one of those points that, you know, I just don't care. When it finds momentum, when it starts rising up, it makes you that triple 4x, 5x out of nothing. And then we got this dead dot, this dot, the dot, you know, dot is really, this is a miserable, these guys are really miserable at dot, this whole organization. I don't know what the freak they are doing, but, you know, I really hope that they will find some life into this, you know, this chain. I don't know what they are doing.

00:52:31
You know, it was, you know. When they started doing this, power chains and this, and the staking, and you know, ever since dot never found momentum again. They should have never done this, this is this auction with this, with all this crap. It's really so sad because Polka Dot is, you know, it's as good as dead. And uh, I really hope that they will find momentum, but they will find momentum, I hope that this this thing starts rocking up because I really love Polkadot by the way, but it is what it is. So let's go to Solana Salon. Oh my god, Salon Salon is really a pain in the ass. So we had this, so we had this retrace into this uh support level and then boom! It went up again.

00:53:15
Uh, like we saw Solana making that rise up, it was more Bitcoin uh pair that was bumping uh Solana up, so let's see. This is the zone And Solana is still at high levels, just like BNB is, for example. And then we got the last, not least, but, you know, Cardano. I think that Cardano will make its big move up. So Cardano is also at accumulation zones over here. We had this rise up with Trump, but we already almost back down to this level. So, yes, I'm going to buy Cardano. Yes, I'm going to buy some Cardano. So I'm going to buy some Cardano. I hope that we'll make a little bit of a little bit of. Downturn over here, so I'm gonna buy myself some Katanas, you know?

00:53:58
Let this let this coin shine. So these are basically the really the big gaps, the high cap altcoins that I'm eyeing now to buy some to gain money from them when Bitcoin starts flipping into these altcoins. And so it's basically now all about discharge. Let me show you, it's basically all about this chart now, guys, because you know we didn't reach the red zone. So we still can by the way. But we didn't reach it, uh. But for now, we're gonna catch a cold, I don't know. For now, we're reaching this double sort of double, uh. Are we gonna hit it? Yes or no? So I basically, to be honest, I hope that we

00:54:47
will break through it to the red zone because that will give us the biggest altcoin that we have ever a biggest altcoin season that you've ever seen in your Life is so but you know I don't know, so I have to keep in mind that this is resistance, so only a retrace over here could give you a super, super gains on a lot of altcoins, so this is basically that. What I'm eyeing now is let's see how this is going to play out. And you got a lot of people like, oh, wait a minute. Should I short now? Should I long now? If you are subscribed to these live streams, if you think that we're here just to yell, are we going long? Are we going short? You are in the wrong place.

00:55:32
You really are in the wrong place. I'm not over here to start yelling, go short, go long, go this, go that. That's not how it works. You're over here. I'm giving you the bigger picture. I'm giving you about the best alpha available on the webs. I'm preparing you for what's coming. If you want a long or short, it's very simple. I can long and short coins in five minutes and make like 10 green P&Ls. But that's another style. That's where you have to go watch the leverage trading course vids. Watch the live streams when I'm doing a little bit of active live trading. That's what we do. Today, we're talking about something much more important than the money that you'll make in a couple of trades.

00:56:10
Trading, you can do it every day, whatever you want. You want a short, you want a long, you can do that, whatever you want. This is so much more important. This is how the big money will flow in or flow out. It's not about the trades that we make in a half an hour, 10 minutes or 15 minutes. I'm training you guys like crazy. One of the best trading course bits has been released yesterday. I don't know if you watched it and just go do whatever it is that you want to do. You know? It's trade. But this today is not about trading. I'm not talking about trading. I'm talking about something much more important. Maybe this will change your life forever.

00:56:45
And if you, while I'm explaining something important like this, and you're asking me, well, should I open up a short now? Should I open up a long now? That means that you are far away from ready for anything in these markets. It's only the greed within your body that is talking to itself. I went too long. I want to shoot. It's not about that. You should freaking listen to what I'm explaining over here. This could change your life forever. But, you know, unfortunately, a lot of people, they just don't get it. They're just so filled by greed. And again, please, please, please, please. If you are here for that hunger for greed and you want me to put it with a spoon in your mouth, I will not do it.

00:57:29
You know, all the other influences of CT. Only thing they do is they sell greed and they feed you greed. So be my guest and go follow them because they will give you exactly what you need. And then, you know, when you get wrecked, then you come back to me again. And then, oh, MW, wait a minute. You're right. I should have listened. I should have stayed calm. I should have educated myself. I should have, you know, and act like a pro, you know. You're just in the markets, you're analyzing, you're looking at the bigger picture, okay? You're calculating your risk management, and based on that, you're going to, you know, then you're going to boom. Then you're going to act on it. You're going to make the money, and you protect your capital at the same time.

00:58:09
But if you're just in a rush, oh, wait a minute, oh, I should run, oh, I should short now, oh, I should long now, oh, I should. That's not what it's all about. I'm over here explaining to you guys on the macro, on the midterm, on the short, or maybe even how markets could flip very bullish on crypto. I'm preparing you so when you have to push the button, you've got to push the button based on the knowledge that you've gotten and not based on some feeling or some tweet post of someone. It's so unfortunate for me to see things like that. You know, it's really, really, and I understand that, you know, these guys, they come, oh, wait a minute, MW is the best trader on the web sites.

00:58:49
Yeah, let me just ask him, should I short Bitcoin over here? Do you think that that is what I do? You know, if I want to go in, if I'm in my trading zone, I go, I connect the dots and I see some opportunities and I short. Maybe even in the biggest bull market, I'll be shorting a lot of altcoins and making sick money. But I'm not expecting you to understand that because that's another style. Go watch the leverage trading course vids. Go watch them. They will give you everything you need to know. And you act on them. You just go on the chart. You just follow Bitcoin up. Use the indicator. You see an entry, see resistance, you short it. You see support on the indicator on the 5 minutes or 50 minutes, long it.

00:59:31
And you're making money all your day long if you know how to do it, if you're educated how to do it. But I'm now talking about something way more that has nothing to do with trading. And then you come, yeah, well, should I short Bitcoin over here? It's like, you know, MW, oh, yeah, I've been talking for an hour now. Okay, well, you know, whatever. Should I short Bitcoin off? This is the hunger. I recognize this. I understand this. This is your hunger to greed. You're just, you know, you're like, you know, you're like the junkie that needed hearing or the cocaine, a cocaine shot. You need it. I just need to make sure I need to learn. This is, guys, go heal yourself first. Go, go, you know, stay calm, calm down.

01:00:15
You know, traits will be there tomorrow, today, yesterday. Next month, next year, there will always be trades out there. You can trade anytime you want. When it's alpha time and when it's, you know, someone is showing you something super, super important. So before it happens, you're already, you already understand, you're already in it. You know, it's just like I explained to you guys yesterday, you know, if someone would tell me, well, it's going to rain today. And you're already outside getting wet-I don't need that info; I need to be prepared. Okay, listen: the coming three days, it's gonna rain. Okay, I'm gonna put some good clothes on for the cold, I'm gonna take my umbrella with me and I'm going out. You're prepared for it, that's what I'm doing.

01:01:09
If you want that's not how it works, bro. That's not how it works, my brother. It just doesn't work like that. I'm trying to prepare you guys for what's coming. And I'm showing you guys into details how I'm connecting the dots. I'm showing you guys also into details what charts you have to look for. I'm showing you guys where the opportunities are with this BTC pass. I'm showing you guys the E thing, where it's heading into and why. I'm not telling you what to do. I'm showing you everything so you can make your own decision what you want to do and how you're going to do it. That's what I'm doing. And if you want to trade the 5-minute, the 10-minute, 1-hour time frame, that's another style. I know I'm the best at it, but that's not what I'm talking about now. It's not about that. Now, if I wanted to talk about that, you know, I just ask Salsara, okay, release the top 10 altcoin volume coins and let's go. Let's go. Let's go do it. You're probably. Maybe during the day you'll see that. It's possible. But now it's not about that. I love you. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one. Until the next one. Bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 04-23-2025 Bitcoin Rise predicted Again, Whats next *** 

00:00:01
welcome welcome welcome welcome mw and welcome again to adp welcome welcome welcome telegram subscribers welcome everyone in the world that is watching this live stream in the previous live stream and how we keep naming it over and over over and over and over again and i have to be honest with you guys you know there are some you know at some point you know Things get a little bit scary even for me. Sometimes I think to myself, MW, wait a minute. You need to start making some mistakes. You need to start making some, just to prove that you're a human. You're not some, you know, it's really, it's, you know, you guys know me. I'm maybe one of the biggest bears of the past years. I'm pretty bearish on markets.

00:00:58
That was for a reason, by the way, so I've been right all the time. But the live stream of Monday, it was a shock for a lot of retailers, especially subscribers that were like, oh, what's going on? MW getting bullish out of the sudden. How is that possible? What's going on? Why is MW bullish out of the sudden? What's out of nowhere? Uh, you know Boom MW is bullish; how is this possible? Well, look at this, look at this! This was Monday, guys, look at this-this was Monday when I made the live stream in the morning over here. Look at this crazy, you know it's you know it's no it's... why I keep telling you guys: listen!

00:01:52
It's very hard for me to teach you guys to do what I do, because there are a lot of factors in the world, how I connect things and how I come to a decision. But I can teach you at least how to navigate through the trades and how to be defensive, how to be offensive, when to be... you know. There's one that I, you know, I like a lot; one of the Retrofit members. It's a lady-I talk about her a lot, by the way. But, you know, she really listens to me. I don't know, you know, she really listens to me. It's not that she listens to me, that she's very smart. She's a doc. So, but, you know, she really acts on it.

00:02:36
And, you know, I loved it on Monday, she sent me a DM; listen, I closed all my shorts. I just left that layer, left it open. So, you know, I just closed all my shorts and I flipped long. And, you know, it's just a matter; I know that she's going to share with me some crazy insights today. I know it's going to happen again. You know, it's really mind-blowing; it's, you know, a little bit scary every time again and again. You know, I just want to be wrong. I want to be wrong for one time. I want to get it wrong. Just like, for example, Monday, I'm flipping bullish, this and that, and then the market's dumped down by 20%. What is this?

00:03:19
You told us that you were bullish, and the market's dumped with 20%. You're wrong. You have to see it like this. Just like all those people on Twitter, how they get it for 90% wrong, and then sometimes 10% they get it right by luck or whatever. I can get it wrong for 100 times this year. And I will still beat them all, and you know I just want to get it wrong so I'm gonna try my best to get it wrong this time I want to get it wrong sometime but you know it's massive so um We're going to talk about financial markets today. I'm going to explain to you guys a little bit. I'm going to talk about Bitcoin and what I think will happen.

00:04:01
And you guys are already seeing the chart is clear as, you know, this is as clear as it could get. So I'm going to explain to you guys what my next move is, what my next trade is. I'm going to talk a little bit about my, you know, midterm plans, what I'm planning to do. It's like a continuation of what I explained to you already on Monday. Yeah, we're going to talk about some Koreans. We're going to talk about a little bit of dominance. We're going to talk about a lot of things today. So everything is in the green, just like expected, just like predicted. But let's see. Let's see. It's going to be a great show, just like it's always been.

00:04:40
By the way, also, first time I opened up one of the live streams last Monday for this cockroach. Only the verified accounts can DM me now. But still, also verified, there are a lot of cockroaches out there. I just don't get it. You keep DMing me, MW, you're wrong because they don't watch my live streams. You're wrong, and you know what? And the market's bombed, ha ha ha ha ha. And there are like seven of them. I don't know who's sending these guys to me. That's why, you know, go watch the live stream from Monday. You'll see a person that predicted this rise again. And, you know, I know it's annoying to them, but it is what it is. So let the music run. Salsara is not with us. I think she went to the dock or something. So it's all me. But, you know, I've been surviving by myself for years. So I think I'll manage. I'll manage. Boom, boom. Ba-ba-da-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-da.

00:07:10
Let me see. Music is running. I know. Because hopefully, I know I can be first. We've got a new hero. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. You know you know I'm discussing this from the law, you know it is, you know what is a candle, what is an indicator, what is a resistance line, what is this, what line, what is the distance not 50% exactly what, you know, Helena told you in her last creation. Because, you know, if you don't own the mindset, if you don't own and control your emotions, if you don't control greed, you are the best analyst, GA, whatever you do, you know, you're the best at it.

00:08:33
You will feel it. You will feel it. It's 50% there and then the other 50%. And, you know, 50% or 50% is even more important than charts. I'm saying it. I'm telling you. So, I don't know. Salsa, I'm still waiting for her to do whatever it is that she's doing. She said we're going to do it on the weekend, and now it's Wednesday, so it's still on release. But, you know, beginner's course. Beginner's course, in a beginner's course, you know, I'll do it. For your mind, you're going to brainwash you first to be a trader. You need to be brainwashed. When you brainwash your mind, that's when you go further on the candles, on the whatever it is that you see on the screen. First, you have to get into your mind.

00:09:32
You have to make sure that your mind is in the right direction. You can be a winner and a loser. Let's see. I don't know. I don't know. She's still working on it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe she's got just too many things running up for her. I mean, she's just busy. Maybe she's got some personal stuff going on. I don't know. We got straight up Michael Vorba. Mark Collette. Oh, Michael. Mark Collette. Mark Collette. Top dog. Oh, top dog's in the house. Is this Bob? Oh, he's also with Alpiman. What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? Janice. We got, what is this? Amiros. Amiros, my bro. What is this? Those are some strange signs. Good morning.

00:10:13
And I don't know what's after it. I mean, explain yourself. I mean, what is that? Maybe it's good morning. I'm not going to swear, but you know what I always say. Good morning, you. Maybe it's just calling us names. I don't know. Maybe, Walid, good morning, my brother. Muhammad Ali, bro. John, Nicholas. And John Newman Parish. Hello. Who are you? I'm St. John Newman Parish. Hello. St. John Newman Parish. Hello. So we got Nikki. Nikki, that's just easy. You know, Nikki. You know, Nikki. Good morning, Nikki. Good morning, St. John Newman Parish. I know. On my phone today. Have fun, Rita Pham. So Salsara is on her phone today. Yes, Salsara. Yes. Salsara. Salsara. Salsara. We got Tracy. We got Levin. We got Alblada. We got Marista. We got Rose Powell.

00:11:15
We got C-Tip. Cam Ranio. We got Roy Gruer. We got Stacy. We got Zvon. We got Ileana. We got more. We got three. Alcoco. Alcoco is in the house, guys. Danny Dix from the Netherlands. Roy McCoy. Lord Pinus. What do we got? Lars Presch. Josh Pedro. What do we got? Your sound is cutting. Ah, your mic is cutting. Your mic is cutting. Let me stop the music. Is that so? Because I don't know why this is going on. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Stop the music. Is my sound still cutting? Check, check, check, check, check. Your white fluffy cat is blocking the sound. Your white fluffy cat. I don't have a white fluffy cat, Alpiman.

00:12:16
I don't know. Okay. But it's funny either way. Alpiman. Alpiman needs a moment of his day. No, this is his moment. Bro, your white fluffy cat is blocking the sound. I don't even know what you mean by that, bro. You know we gave Altiman uh his his injection today, Suza uh what do we got live in the dream we got uh flakes we got Albert does we got G trend uh whatever we got Jules we got flakes mirrors music Bro I know the music I know I know but am I still is my sound still blocking that's important tell me about that Rob McCord Margarita Benjamin Josh oh it's a full house today living

00:12:56
uh what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got what we got over here what is this come run yo Stacy uh perfect now perfect good now good now good good good good okay thank you thank you let's let's let's hit it let's say sound is good now thank you so much guys so it was the music that was blocking it okay so okay okay Johan Venter good morning Bro okay so first of all let me first of all start with this one so you know the circus keeps going on. You know, the circus keeps going on. So we've got the charts and then we've got the circus. We've got the Trump circus. So the circus keeps going on.

00:13:31
Oh, you know, there's a deal coming up with Japan. We're making good deals with China. It's going to get good and this and that. And, you know, Powell, well, we might not fire him after all. You know, every, every, every person in the world, you should just know. You know, I've been calling out the circus from day one. Maybe you didn't believe me by then. Do you believe me now? Let me know in the chat. Do you believe me that it's just one big circus? Let me know in the chat. Do you believe me if it's one circus? It's a circus. today it's black tomorrow it's red and then it's white and it's green

00:14:09
then it's yellow and then today china will this and then china know their friends and then you know paul is uh you know paul uh he's gonna get removed from the from office as soon as possible and now maybe not and then maybe yes it will maybe what is this what's going on where is this this is you know you know what is this what's going on in the world this is mr trump the administration the biggest power in the world you know biggest economic power, at least. And, you know, these guys, it's just one big, this guy's a clown. You know, I watched, I don't know if you guys watched it, but I watched, no, I'm not going to say it. I'm not going to say what I watched.

00:14:53
I'm not going to say it. No, I'm not going to say it. No, I'm not going to say it. But it's just one big circus. For the Dutch people, for the Dutch people over here. We could call Trump just Bussy. Bussy. Most of you guys don't know, Bussy and Adrian was a show with a clown and an acrobat and, you know, whatever. I loved it. Bussy and Adrian. Bussy and Adrian. And then they got this, you know, the Dutch people were very, you know, the Dutch people were very ahead of time. Because at that time, this was in the 80s, I think, 70s, 80s. Begin 90s. We already had an AI bot. His name was Robin. And he could talk and he could do a lot of things. Okay.

00:15:42
Only the Dutch people will probably understand what I'm saying. Only the Dutch people. But we were ahead. The Dutch people were ahead. We already had a bot that, you know, it was a robot and he could talk and he could do a lot of things. His name was Robin. So, guys, so let's get serious over here. Let's get serious over here. We got the US 500. So, forget about the circus. We got the indicator over here on the daily. So even though that, you know, he's pushing, he's pushing, he's pushing, he's keeping pushing the indicator, he's keeping pushing the narrative. So what he's doing like, he's like, you know, slapping you two times, that's, that's. And then he started pulling you back again. Okay, good boy. Good boy.

00:16:31
And then he slaps you two times and then. That's what Trump is doing now. No, no, no, no. No, we're going to retaliate. No, no, no. So he's creating like chaos. But, you know, when chaos gets created, people get uncertain on the markets. You know, they start, oh, wait a minute. I'm going to buy in now and then tomorrow he's got to say something else that will, you know, that will create another problem for us. So, so basically what's going on now is creating careers. At some point, people, you know, they don't get tired from this. And, you know, for those who watched my live stream on Monday, I told you, I told you because, you know, I'm not just one of those guys that will tell you I'm bullish, I'm bearish, you know, like some clown.

00:17:23
I explained to you why in details, why I was bullish. It's just that at some point, I think that people, you know, they cannot buy gold. Gold is too expensive. They cannot buy stocks because there's too much uncertainty. And the DXY is also dumping. So, crypto is, in my opinion, the only, you know, the only way to go. And that's exactly what we saw. So, the candle that we're seeing, that's it. People just needed to, you know, to get their money somewhere, invest in something, make some gains. So, crypto. Before it even happened, I knew it that they were going to do it. Now the big question is because I saw Uncle Ren. I love Ren, but at some point, you're going to leave people behind.

00:18:13
Because what I do is I keep building my knowledge on a daily basis. I keep building it. It doesn't matter how much I know. Every day, I push myself to higher levels. Every day I educate myself. You should do the same, by the way. So every time, it doesn't matter if I would nil every trade, if I have a 100% winning rate. For me, it's not enough. I want more. I'm always pushing myself. And, you know, Ren, I saw a post from Ren about, yeah, well, the crypto is decoupling from the markets. How many times did you say that already? It's always the same circus. It's just for the hype, for the engagement, for the command. When are you going to be just a serious guy that really cares about the community?

00:19:00
Forget about the engagement. Forget about the show. Forget about the circus. Just try to be really, really an alpha so people will, you know, start trusting you and believing in what you say. But if it's every day, it's another; let me tell you this. Bitcoin is not decoupling from the financial markets. Point. A big point, the reason why we saw the markets going down and Bitcoin going up, I explained it on Monday, it's just this temporary, temporary situation that we're in while people have no they have no way nowhere to go with their money so they put it in in crypto for that moment that could change in two days one day three days a week it could change very fast but overall Crypto did not decouple from the financial markets.

00:19:50
Definitely not. And please don't believe what you see, what you read, because it's not true. Because when, you know, you have to, it's like this. You know, I am, you know, for example, today it's Wednesday, I think. I'm already thinking about how is Friday looking. That's what I, that's how I analyze. You know, because Wednesday, I already analyzed that on Monday. So I know what's going on today. I'm now preparing for Friday, you know. I have to always think one two days ahead to be ahead of the markets, but you know if I would only uh just like I told you, well, you know it's rainy today. I'm telling you it's raining; I can know it's raining; I'm freaking walking over here and I know I'm getting wet, so you don't have to tell me that it's raining today-I know that already.

00:20:38
So now, guys, this is very important: uh, are we going, you know? In my opinion, let me first of all say this because um, I think that this is, with Trump, what he was saying yesterday, et cetera, in a normal situation, we should have been over here already. We are not. And look how we're struggling just on the line over here-ridiculous! With all the bullish things that you know, Trump was trying to manipulate markets up again. You know, look at this: we're still holding over here. So this is weak, guys; this is not. This is weakness. That's how I see it. Also, got these earnings or whatever. So look at this on a four-hour chart-just here. So this is the box to watch. This is the box to watch. Is this thing going to dump down? And then you can tell me, 'Well, yeah,' but I'm W. But, you know, the markets are decoupling. Yes. What? Why don't I decouple?

00:21:48
oh this is really so listen guys the markets are not decoupling from crypto it's just temporary just temporary it's temporary so why am i telling you this look at this one look where we are so by the way guys this freaking indicator i'm not gonna swear i'm not because i want to donate to charity today i'm not gonna swear listen guys Forget about me telling you that Sunday after the Dutch afternoon will probably bounce up. Forget about that. Forget about the fact that I told you on Monday that you could expect this bump up. Forget about that. Forget that I nailed this one and this one, this one. Forget about it. Look at that indicator. Alpiman, what do I tell you always? What do I tell you always, Alpiman?

00:22:35
When we close above the Indy on the daily, what do I tell you always, Alpiman? Up in my head, sleeping, I don't know. Maybe his boss is at his work. His boss is watching him. He cannot type. Maybe. But this is exactly, guys, look at this indicator. It's massive. Look at this. Boom. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Boom. So forget about everything that I analyzed past this. I'm always telling you guys, if we close, if the candle goes above the indicator, that's your bullish signal. It doesn't always have to be like that. But most of the times, if those times happen when it's not, I will tell you on the live stream. I will tell you, listen, guys, OK, we close the bar, but you have to be careful.

00:23:21
I'm not trusting this because, you know, it's my damn indicator. I can feel I can feel when it's real, when it's not real. You know, that's what I'm always telling you. When you see me not posting, not making live stream, you know, you always I'm always a part of me is with you. That's my indicator. That's my legacy. So it's always with you guys. So if I'm not around, the indicator is around to help you. But look at this, because this is really massive. Look, we haven't been closing above it since the 1st of February. That's a long time ago. That's really a long time ago, guys. So look, bearish, bearish, bearish. berries berries berries! Look at this, look at this!

00:24:06
If if there is anyone in the world not not you guys I know you guys are with me so you you've seen the proof for everything but if everyone in the world so even if Mr., you know Mr. Crypto Face and his market cipher indicator that cost you 2K or another 3K! If anyone in the world dares to tell me that there is something better than this indicator, You got this algo, you got this jewel. There was one guy, I know him. He told me, 'I've got an indicator.' I paid $4,000 for it. What is it called? Something about jewel or jewels. I don't know what the name was. Okay, what does it do? It shows you... what does it show you? It shows you when to buy.

00:24:52
How? Well, you see like a jewel coming on the screen. Oh, and how is it working out for you? Well, you know. $4,000 paid for this. And then he's like, because he bought it, he's promoting it to death. Like, 'oh yeah, it's great.' It's great. And then when I asked him, well, how is it working out for you? Well, I have to say, when he started saying, well, that was my answer. I don't need any, you know, I don't need, I don't need, I don't need anything else. I'm waiting to get my hands on the indicator and playing around with it. I keep Salsera. Salsera is to blame for everything because you should get it directly from the shop. But she told me, I'm going to get the shop done in the weekend.

00:25:41
We are Wednesday today. It's the same like the interview. She was going to release it like a month ago. It still didn't come. This is Salsura. Salsura takes her time. You know, Salsura's got a lot of things running in her life and it takes time. So maybe I need to hire Salsura 2 . 0. You know, maybe then two people can get things done much faster. But it's, you know, so Mr. Yash Gandhi, if you want to blame someone, blame Salsura. Blame her because it should be available already. It's so easy to blame other people. So easy to blame other people. So Vitolo is feeling bullish. Bro, you should have felt bullish over here. This is where you have to be bullish. So you want to be bullish over here?

00:26:36
I'm not bullish over there. This is the problem with retailers. This is the problem with people in crypto. They always feel bullish after the move. And I'm not bad. Maybe this thing will just ramp up. Maybe we're going to test the 100K or whatever. Maybe some altcoins could still make some nice moves up. But the moves are here; that's when you have to be bullish. You know, if you remember on Monday when I'm telling you, listen, guys, I flip bullish. That's why you flip bullish. But now is when, you know, you should start taking profits. that's how it works listen if you if you if you if you are a long-term if you're a long-term investor fine fine if you bought some bottom some altcoins on the bottom fine just hold them and feel bullish for the coming five years but that's not what i do i'm a trader you know for me 30 is a lot of money so if i would buy for example if i bought suey

00:27:42
at my ranges, and it goes up with 30%, I start taking profits. And when it comes down, I'm going to buy it up again. And if SUI would make 30% and comes down again, I just lost 30%. That's how I see it as a trader. And you as an investor, you don't see it as that. But I do see it like that. So it's the difference between us. And I'm not saying that I'm good and you're bad, or you're bad and I'm good. It's just two different stuffs. So in my opinion, while we're heading over here into this resistance zone is where you have to be very careful. You have to be very defensive and maybe even defensive and maybe even start opening shorts. Yes, yes, yes, yes.

00:28:25
That's what I said. Maybe you need to start opening some shorts on some crazy FOMO coins that have been rising like, you know, blowing up the rooftop. Because those are the ones that I'm interested in. And those are the ones that are probably, probably going to start opening shorts again. Because this is it. It's all connected. Because this move, you know, this was, this move up that you see over here from 87 to like 85, this is just desperate people in the world. People with a lot of money, by the way. Desperate people that just didn't know where to put their money in. So, you know, you know what? Let's buy some Bitcoin. Why not? So let's just buy some Bitcoin. That's what happened.

00:29:07
But at some point then you know they're okay, oh wait a minute, okay wait a minute, oh maybe maybe I can do that or maybe you know maybe I, maybe I should take some profits but either way let me show you guys something else very important, very important. This one this one this one we already talked about it also on Monday. By the way, guys, I've only been trading. I didn't buy in on my investment portfolio. By the way, guys, for you guys to know, because it's very important. I want you guys to know this. This is very important for you guys to understand. Listen, guys, when I say secure profits, what does that mean? When I say take profits, what does that mean? Because there's a difference between secure profits and take profits.

00:29:51
I'm going to explain it now. Because I get this question a lot. Paragraph. Oh, my God. Paragraph. Let me use another coin. Let me use this one. Yes. So let me use it. I have to explain to you guys this because this is very important. So suppose that you went into a long or you bought a bag or a spot bag. It doesn't have to mean on leverage. It doesn't matter. So you bought in over here. So you're in a trade. You're making money. Then you see MWO. Secure profits that's what I'm gonna do so it doesn't mean that you have to do it but but that's what does that mean? Sport school profit it's it's on your own satisfaction for me, I a lot of times what I do is I use uh the four hour or I use look over here, so this was my entry.

00:30:44
You see boom boom boom boom boom boom and I use the one hour in this case because it's too far if this thing would be over here for example I would put my stop loss in profits over here. But it isn't. So this is too far. I'm not going to lose all those games. So when I say secure profits, this is what you do. You just put a stop loss in profits over here. It doesn’t mean when I say secure profits, we’re heading into resistance because sometimes resistance gets broken. So your altcoin will go even higher and then you’re out. So don’t make that mistake. That’s secure profits. When I say secure profits, it means that you have to secure your profits.

00:31:19
It’s exactly the words that I’m using, secure profits. By secure profits, it means that if this was your entry, over here you got like 30-40 percent, uh, you got 30-40 percent gains. Put your stop loss over here or over here or maybe you can take like 20-30 out and the rest of the position, you do stop loss and profits over here because we're still in the bullish trend so that's secure profits. Take profits is something else, take profits is where you have to go to the 15-minute or five-minute, this is take profit, so take profits okay, you're above it, above it, okay, this is, okay, I'm exit, I'm out. You know, even if it will go up, I don't care. I'm going to take profits.

00:31:57
And take profits, most of the times when I really see that markets are looking super, super bad, you know, that's when I just take profits. I force it. You know, I never just go out of the markets. I never do that because I could get it wrong and maybe the markets would have another 10% or 20% rise in it. It could be because a lot of times when you see some dangers, sometimes. The wheels in the world, they push the price a little bit higher just to dump it more down, so it's like they you know they flush out so they destroy the shorts; they flush them out and then they dump it. They do this a lot better not only not only not only on crypto, also in stocks, it happens a lot.

00:32:36
So you know when something bearish is happening in the world or some bearish signs or whatever, and then you see something like whoop! And then like this, so you always see you see this scenario over here and this scenario over here; these same people they wanted to dump it down here but what they did is they flushed out the shorts over here and then they dump it out they dump it down very hard happy spot just analyze your charts you'll probably what i just explained you're gonna see it on a lot of charts this way because when you see really a big dump you always see like a scammy pump up it's just how it works just how

00:33:14
works in trading so that's uh me explaining you guys what um how it works in uh when i say because i get these dms a lot and that what do you mean what do you mean this is exactly what i mean so um let me show you guys this one so dominance dominance finally we're in the box and we're getting this kind of rejection and uh well it's basically just waiting out now Waiting out waiting out when these things kind of top out because we've got this uh We've got this resistance zone over here. But the real resistance zone is over here. So this is, by the way, pretty strong resistance. So this is super bullish for altcoins. Actually, while I'm watching this, this is looking so good for altcoins.

00:34:10
This is looking good guys, you know because this is really a resistance level over here to be honest, I haven't looked at it by the way to be honest, this is good, you know I'm eyeing it now. We made a higher low over here but you know we could get you know you know we only you see these candles one two three. We need something like only these three candles will triple quadruple do make your portfolio 5x, you see only this only this it's all you need. I'm not even asking to get back only But this is, guys, this is resistance. This is super bullish for altcoins. So just to be clear, guys, just to have this clear: If I'm bearish, I'm taking profits, it's just for short term.

00:34:55
So it means that I will flip bullish very fast because even if I would short some formal coins, you have to keep in mind that I will flip bullish very fast. So on the midterm, I'm more. bullish than bearish but you know Bitcoin made this rise up and you know just for bitcoin to dump down for example just back over here could create a pain in the markets so that's why it's super important that you know what you're buying by the bottom formation so this will guys this is super strong resistance by the way oh when i'm zooming out look at this guys no You have to see it like this, just like I was telling you that this was your buying zone. Buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. By the way, guys, how much did Bitcoin rise since I told you to buy?

00:35:47
Almost 30%, 27% up since I told you buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. One guy DMed me. He told me, DM, every time when I'm sleeping, I hear in my head. bye bye bye bye bye bye, you told me and I listened, bro, I listened, well, congrats to you, look at this, oh, this is looking so good, it's looking so good, so, bye bye bye bye, yes, but you know this is also, guys, this is resistance, I'm telling you, This resistance, listen, if the US dollar will dump very hard, okay, that's when I can tell you we might break this up. But we really need the DXY to dump hard. So talking about the DXY, let's go to the DXY. Let's go to the DXY. Let's go to the DXY.

00:36:41
Where's the DXY? Oh, there you are. Hmm. Okay, so this was just, you know, Trump. Trump was, you know, this is how, this is, this is what happened yesterday. Let me, I'm going to, I'm going to take you through my glasses. This is what happened yesterday. So, the DXY is getting wrecked, super wrecked. And then Trump administration went to Trump, Trump. You realize what you're doing by, you know, by, by, by, by, but doing making these troubles with Powell, calling him out and, you know, want to remove him. People are losing even more faith in the US dollar. Oh yeah, but. Did you see that we dumped almost 12 or 13? Yes, if you keep doing this, the US dollar is going to get so wrecked that you can never get it up again.

00:37:33
Oh yeah, so uh, so guys what do we have to do? My my my great advisors, you know, you have to say that that power is not that bad and maybe he will, you know, maybe maybe maybe you're gonna keep him, obviously would that help? Yes, that would help. Okay, so this this is the candle and you know, diesel but I think that this wife in my opinion let me be, you guys know me, I think that this way, you know, for now it's done and I think that we lost the support and this is not something you can make, I think it's over. So I think that the diesel will dump lower. Unfortunately, I really think so. So even if it would make a rise to the indicator, you know, chop around, chop around.

00:38:22
But at some point, I think that the DXY will come back to the 49, 94, and I think maybe even 90. Yeah, it's just what I think. So for the forex traders, that's what I think, if you want to ask us. I think that this pain that Trump created over here, I think that he cannot fix this. This is not to be fixed. He should have fixed it over here. He should have defended the US dollar over here. He should have done everything in his power to make sure that the dollar would hold the line. He didn't. He chose to not do it. So now he has to pay the bill for it. And I think that this thing will, you know, maybe bounce, bounce, bounce, and then we're going down.

00:39:06
So that's it. But DXY, as long as DXY is holding over here, guys, keep in mind, okay? the bitcoin fomo will also you know when the calm stabilize stocks will go a little bit sideways you know or maybe if the dump dump not so so hard dxy holding the line that's when you'll see bitcoin also losing losing steam that's how i see it that's how i see it so uh yeah that's that's what i'm preparing for you know that so that's what i'm eyeing now so for me this is really uh this move up okay farmer predicted it made it okay well congrats so now this is resistance guy everything from now on 94 95 everything between 94 and until 97 you can say uh so the next what is this how many percent is this guys this is uh this is uh three percent i think it's done i think it's done i think uh this is it you have to be cautious

00:40:03
You have to be cautious because the bears will step in here. That's what I think. So be cautious on your longs. Put your higher up your stop loss profits. But very important, why am I showing this? Because this one is also something that I'm eyeing because this thing at some point will get into the indicator just like it's always doing. And that's the moment when. Altcoins, several altcoins will find momentum, could make a really big rise up. And let me show you what I showed you on the Telegram group, by the way. I know. When did I share that? Where did I share it? Where did I share it? Where did I share it? You have to see that these altcoins, let me take ARK, for example. Let me take ARK, for example.

00:40:48
This is what I'm eyeing now. So focus now. Please focus. Please focus. Please focus. Please focus. Good morning, MW. Guys, I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to get into your questions, and then we're going to do a little bit of altcoins. It's going to be a little bit of a longer live stream today, but it is what it is. So I'm here for you guys, so we're going to talk about it. But this is very important. Focus, please, on what I'm saying now. So these coins that you're seeing that show some power, this is what I want. I want them to, on the daily, go up. and I want them to get retested on the daily indicator and this is on a lot of altcoins, especially the ones on you know when you look at these coins, look at them, look, look, there are still at low levels, this one by the way made a nice rise up but this is what I want to see.

00:41:40
Let me give you guys another good example, not some bullshit example, let me take Are we for oh always bouncing very nice from the bottom over here so look I've seen this, I've seen this so or we didn't leave the stage. We're just leaving now. So this is just leaving. But let me show you guys something, another coin that has done this. Let's see Sui, for example. I like Sui. Let me give you guys Sui, for example. Sui made a nice ramp up. But suppose what I want to see is, you know, you see this power going up. And then I want to see it come back, you know, come back to the Indy. So this is the Indy. Let me show you. You're going to find a lot of charts like this.

00:42:22
You're going to see a lot of charts like this. And this is super bullish, by the way. This is what I want to see. So, you got; let me remove this one. So, what you're going to see is this. So you got, you know, we're below it, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, and then boom up. And then a lot of times they flush them out, comes back to the indicator. Now from the indicator, then it's going to make the real big move up. What I want to do, this is my trading style, because a lot of times you cannot catch these moves up. You cannot catch them because they go organized and you just can't catch them. But what you can catch, you can catch the drops, by the way, the dumps.

00:42:57
But you can especially catch these ones. These ones, this is my trading style. This is how I make life-changing money in a very short period of time. You have to catch these retested. So up, down, retest, confirm support over here, and then up. boom and sometimes you also see it comes back goes up comes back again so you got some kind a double gets created and then it moons up but it doesn't matter because you're in anyway it's about it's about to move up so this is something you have to be prepared it's very important that you understand this what i just showed you on a lot of coins you have this by the way guys so the coins that you see that on the daily get broken on the indie they come back to the indie And, you know, this is, by the way, not some trade that you're going to do in an hour or half an hour, two hours.

00:43:48
This is on the daily. So you have to be patient. Wait for it. Let it accumulate a little bit in the daily indicator. Find some power, find support, and then you'll see candles like this. You see, then you see candles like this. Bum, bum. So if you're trading leverage, by the way, guys, on the daily, just use like, you know, 2x, 3x, 5x, max 10x. Don't go higher. And just these are positions you're going to build for like a week, two weeks, three weeks, four weeks to make really huge, huge gains. You have to really do that. So I wanted to talk about some altcoins, by the way, today. I want to talk about Layer, by the way. Layer is really giving us so much money. Layer wants to make us rich.

00:44:35
That's the only. Explanation that I've got this coin wants to make us super rich, that's all I have to say. So, basically what's going on is this: so this layer, layer, uh, uh we had this uh beautiful retreat over this dump down um, everyone knows it gets into green and I think that most of you guys are wearing green, green never turns into red, never ever, ever. So, you're probably taking some profits, but it wants to fill us up again, so that's what it's doing. And that was this rise up, and let me tell you that the team they really filled up a huge bag and when I say a huge pack, really a big bag, and I told them, 'Wait a minute, don't go too big on these coins.' They told us, 'We don't give a crap,' and they went really big on this rise up.

00:45:33
So it's now testing. Let me see if they're engaged now. It's now testing. It's now testing in the Canada. But they went really, really heavy. They went really heavy on this one. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Yes, I can see it. Yeah, they took a little bit of profits on the under under 50 minutes as I see it, but they went really, really heavy because the team is getting so annoyed with Layer and I understand that why they're getting annoyed and you know Layer is just Layer wants to pay him big; it's just this is gonna be I'd already said it that I think that Layer will be something like better. Because Barrow is really a massive, massive, massive payment. But I think that Layer will be better.

00:46:23
I think that Layer will give them even more gains. So let me tell you this. Layer is going to be really a big pay. And Layer has got just the luck for now that, you know, Bitcoin made the rise up. And it's feeding the FOMO here a little bit more. Because I think that this thing, you know, you know. Let me tell you this. It doesn't matter how bullish I get. The team will not close their shorts on Layer. It will not happen. It will not happen. They will destroy this coin. You heard this before, I think. Yes, I think you guys heard this before. But, you know, the team will destroy this coin. That's all I have to say. The team will totally destroy this coin. So that was about Layer.

00:47:11
I wanted to show you guys another coin. The Koreans were pumping. Oh, here it is. Here it is. Deeply. Deeply. Deep. Deep. Deep. Deep. Let me tell you. Deeply is, in my opinion, these are the Koreans. These are just Koreans doing this, guys. Listen, guys. Deeply is, in my opinion, the next layer. The team already, I think, they started shorting the crap out of this. But this thing, so if you watched, let me tell you this. If you watched Trading Course Fit 4. 0, if you are in the free private group, how do you get in the free private group? MW. Let me tell you how you get in the free private group. You get in the free private group by trading on Blowfin or B2X. That's how you get in the free private group.

00:48:03
So you trade there. But how do we get in? You need 100K trading volume. Oh, that's a lot, MW. No, it's not a lot. If you got $1,000 on your account, you trade this average, you'll get the 100K in no time. So it's not that hard. Do we also get the MW Indicator? Yes, you also get it for free. Is there any other way to get the MW Indicator? Yes, there is. Where? Ask Salsara. Ask Salsara. How do we do that? Well, you can use the links in my bio, they're on my YouTube channel, everywhere, the link of BTNX and Blowfin. By the way, I've been talking and looking for a new partnership. And let me be very strictly honest with you guys. I was talking with some other parties, big parties, crypto exchanges.

00:48:53
And let me tell you this. My question is this when I talk to these people. What makes you better than Blowfin? As a product. Okay. What makes you better than Bitunex? Well, we got this. Okay, let me check it. Because you know why? Why am I saying this? You know, guys, I've been trading on Maxi. I've been trading on Binance, Bybit, KuCoin, the best in the markets. The trading platform of Blovin, for example, is better than any of those. And I understand, I never knew this because it's the retailers that told me, listen, Blovin, Blovin, Blovin. I never knew Blovin. But, you know, Blovin has got, if you trade on the desktop, they've got the best trading view integration ever. And by the way, for the beginners course, people, this is a surprise for you guys.

00:49:56
I'm going to take you with me on that. I'm going to show you exactly how to trade on Blofin on a desktop because it's so super easy. You can put in stop loss, take profits, you can put it up, down. You don't have to put in the numbers. This is for the ones that are on the desktop, by the way, on the laptop. So this is not for the ones on the app. I'm not talking about that. You guys cannot imagine. It's really great. So I ask them always, what makes you better? So there is no answer. Then I tell them, well, if there is no answer, if you are not better in anything. Why would I join up with you guys? You have to be better at something.

00:50:34
Because Beautynext is super fast, a lot of liquidity, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And Blovin is very good in their technology. They invest a lot of money in their trading platform to make it as easy and simple for retailers to trade on. That's why it's also one of the most. So if you want to, so actually, if you want, just, if you already have a Blovin account, you can also just DM GTC Insider. And uh, we will flip you to the GTC community also get access so you don't need to open up a new account, especially if you got one here we see account on blowfin or btnx by the way, so both so you can just fill in the form there's a form and uh every uh in a few days you'll get an answer so this deep by the way, let me first of all explain you guys exactly why this thing is pumping, did I do something no something changed, no.

00:51:29
The only reason why this is pumping is because they added the KWR or RW, the deep Korean asset, that's why it's pumping. What, MW, are you serious? Yes, I'm serious. These Koreans are, you know, these Koreans, I'm telling you, these Koreans are the heroes of crypto. These Koreans are the heroes of crypto. These Koreans are pumping so much money into altcoins, that's how we're going to make money, we need them, we need them, they can't short but we can, at least the local people cannot short, all these other guys can short, of course. So, keep an eye on deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. I think that the team is already in. Some kind of short over here, I think they're already short-this is this foam on this deep, whatever the deep by the way, guys.

00:52:29
I think that this is the next layer and the next barrel and the next up it's in that so uh basically, that's that's that's it for me and I just wanna I just wanna see what you guys have to say. I've got a very very very big big green screen over here so let me see what do we got. Yeah, Peter, Peter, Peter, this is a very good question. You have to understand that Blowfin is a non-KYC exchange. And these non-KYC exchanges, you can KYC, by the way, but these non-KYC exchanges, what they do is they have history for three months. Because I've seen it with weeks, I've seen it with a lot of them. So it's like they're holding, they only hold like three months of history. But you can ask them yourself. You can ask them if you want transaction. They need to provide you that.

00:53:25
Yes, yes, yes. It's really a very exciting beginner's course. Let's see, when is the beginner's course starting? Very good. Ask Salsara. Now, ALS was one of my top 10 coins, and it's outperforming anything. And, you know, I think it's these Chinese or Koreans or whatever are pumping. I've seen it. I've seen it, Elena. So, tweeting view is not working for me. I don't know what you mean by that. Why is it not working? Um, 20 console was epic so yeah it flakes i know i know bro a long wait but it's you know if you understand keep watching it to understand it and then try it out um Griffin I got when shorting it yes about it I think it will bounce on the data okay overview okay so there aren't a lot of questions okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you guys have no questions well that makes my life more easy I love you all.

00:54:23
You guys, you know, TradingView is... I'm not going to swear, but someone is swearing. Why? What's wrong with TradingView? TradingView is having problems. My TradingView is working fine. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Everything is looking fine for me. TradingView, I'm doing my live stream on TradingView. It's down. Well, it's not down here. It's working. You see, you know. Over here, ah, you're right, no, yeah, it's working! Look at this, strike, it's working! Let me see, is working? Ah, oh, this was uh, oh, oh, you were uh, I'm sorry, you were talking about oh, I thought you were talking about Ash, ah, Helena, sorry, sorry, yes, Ash. Ash, oh, you're talking about about this one.

00:55:31
Why not? Let's analyze Ash. Let's analyze this. Because, you know, when Janice is interested in shorting it, it probably is smelling some kind of money. Let's do it. Let's go for it. Let's go and check it out. You know, it was off my radar, to be honest, you know. Uh, we made some nice money on it and then you know I just uh forget about it, I just forget about it, uh, let me see, let me see how is it looking? Let me use it out, why is this thing pumping by the what's the reason for this are these the Koreans by the way could it be the Koreans? I don't know, let's see, is there any reason why this thing is pumping? Uh, Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

00:56:19
Let's see. Let's see. Are we going to make some money today, guys, on this coin? What do you guys think? Do you guys think that we can make some money on this coin? Maybe we can. Maybe we can. Let's see. Let me see. Alk. Alk. Alk. Alk. Alk. It's all about Alk. Alk. Alk. Let's see this one. What is it? It's over here. Let me see. Aha. Aha. Aha. So, it's bouncing up beautifully over here, so this means that the power is still there. Let me check one moment, guys; I'm checking the fundings, let me check some other stuff also, and let me check what my buddies, the Koreans are doing-uh, I need to know first what is going on over here so first of all what's going on over here.

00:57:06
So, first of all, what's going on over here? Let me put on the indie, ah, we're testing the 50-minute now, ah, so 50-minute boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, and now we're retesting; how is it looking under one hour, I, one hour, did we didn't even retrace it, one-I said that's also very good. I was looking at a four-hour hour, and four-it's looking even better, oh this is looking good, looking good, and then we go over here also, this one; how is this one looking? So, we have to, you have to, have to see; I have to check if we if this is as it so um, what is the funding rate-ah, also looking good.

00:57:43
So, so you know, so actually everything is looking great; the only thing that's not looking good why this thing is not Dumping so that's that's basically, let me check one more thing-everything is looking good to be honest, I you know, I'm not seeing anything. Um, uh, let's see this one. Ah, this is something I'm not liking. This is something I don't like. So what I don't like is the for for short for short. What I don't like is this. These are dangerous shorts, guys. Why are these dangerous shorts? Something I'm going to educate you today. So you can shorten the crap out of it, by the way. That's not the issue. But the problem is, is that these coins are dangerous.

00:58:28
Especially if, you know, if retailers, a group, you know, like the retail firm starts opening shorts on this one, especially if you're going to do it with a lot of money, they could liquidate you very fast. Why? Because that market cap is just too low. It's dangerous because this has this thing has got a market gap of 175 million with a fully diluted markup of 200 million. It's also looking good, so if you know that market makers see that they can liquidate a lot of retailers, they could do it very fast. So if you're gonna take this trade if you're gonna short the crap out of it, don't go into heavy; please do it slowly, nice and slow, treat it like a woman (I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that).

00:59:07
So, you have to really, really, you know, you have to just go easy on it. Don't push it. Don't go push, push, push, push, push, push, push, because they could wreck you very fast. They could wreck you very fast. So this is, in my opinion, a good short, but it's a dangerous short. So keep that in mind. So this is looking a good short, but it's a dangerous short because I don't like, you know, I've explained this already on Monday. The problem is, you know, the retail firm-we've got really a lot of people with a lot of money. It's just what it is. There are a lot of people in the retail firm with a lot of money. They really have portfolios over the $500K, $1 million.

00:59:47
You know, I really hope that you guys will make so much more money. It's not about that. But it's, you know, when we're charting and looking for trade setups on these low-cap altcoins, this is just too dangerous. Because our power is just too big, maybe at some point our power is so big that we will push the price down, but I think that I have to get involved for that. But you have to see it like this, guys: it's it's it's it's it's just super dangerous. So just respect the lines over here. But if you're gonna show it, is just do it slowly nice and slow, and just respect the indicator. By the way, so the indicator on the 15-minute I just showed you guys – so if this thing, if this is closed already above it, so this is also, this is no trade now.

01:00:36
This is no trade; it was a trade before, now it's not a trade. So you have to keep that in mind, guys: so this is no trade now. You have to wait for it, wait for it to close below it, and then bang! Bang! Then there you go. Or even if you want to go when you have to go in at the real resistance over here, just slowly but surely. This is now; if you want to be safe, uh, only trade this on the indicator, and the indicator is now powerful you're seeing this; it's pushing it's pushing. So we close below it, but no, no, no, no, no; we're Gonna push it now, just too many shorts open or whatever, or they they want to push it, so put your alarm over here on a confirmation down, that's where you enter; you can also trade this by the way.

01:01:19
In the five minutes, you can do it like this, you know? So this was your entry, you made some money over here, this double was your out over here, you're out again, so now you just chase it on the five minute, you just keep chasing it every time when it goes below it and then you open up your short; it's just easy money, easy money, easy peasy money, it's just how it works. So uh this is one of those coins that you can make a lot of money on if you do it just like I'm. Educating you guys, just like I showed you guys, but do it the safe way, please do it the safe way, don't get wrecked in the process. Uh, is this coin good for a chase trade?

01:01:49
I don't think so; the market cap is too small for this because you have to also... I i think I didn't say this on the on the trading course uh vid maybe i forgot about it. Chase trades I told you about chase trades uh there are a lot of factors in before we choose a coin to chase rate it, so I told you: you have to wait if the GTC team shares someone or I do share someone but most of the time we share them both; but you have to keep in mind that we know which ones we can chase rate uh an altcoin. Especially if we're going to get that, you know, that altcoin season that rise up, that I was explaining you on Monday; an article like Alchemist with a 170 million market cap.

01:02:32
You cannot chase trade this one; they will destroy you because this coin can make a 5x, it's easy, 5x, 6x, 10x. You'll get liquidated so just don't. This is no case today; stay away from it, leave it. If you want to trade, trade under five minutes, 15 minutes, but don't chase traders. Definitely not Layer one can change the rate. You know, there was one question from a weed farmer. He told me, MW, listen, you do these live streams like three days or four days, sometimes five days in a week. And it surprises me. Every freaking day, I keep learning more and more and more and more. And does this knowledge never stop? Because, you know, every time I watch your live stream, I think to myself, okay, well, he already told us about around everything I need to know.

01:03:20
What new can he still tell me to educate me? He tells me, he keeps surprising me. Every freaking day, I learn something else again. And I think, is this ever going to stop? I don't know. By the way, guys, you know, I don't prepare my bad life. I just, you know, for me, it's just like, I'm just one of you guys. I get to my office. I take a drink of tea. I smoke a cigarette. And then I go to my office and then I, you know, I. I prepare the thumbnail on this and that. It's prepared by Salsa, by the way. And then I just share it with you because I'm going live in 30 minutes. And in those 30 minutes, I'm doing a lot of other stuff.

01:03:54
And then I just open up my screen and I do it together with you. That's it. That's it. But I think that's also the best offer you can get when you do it that way. I love you all. Let me see... Do I have some one more question that I'm going to close? Yes, Magdalene. Yes, Magdalene. Magdalene, very good one. I love this one. Magdalene, is Sparkle close or short? Yes, in my opinion, it is. Yes, I think. But, you know, Magdalene, I already said this. For the ones that remember. Guys, I already gave you a level when I think that Fartcon is good for short. For the ones that remember it. Maybe it was Monday. But I said it. And, you know, there was one guy, he DM'd me, he told me, MW.

01:04:40
I love you when you give us those short targets. And why? He told me, I long the crap out of them until they hit. He told me, can I imagine how much money I'm making on that? I love it when you give us like, okay, that's a right spot to short. Because he told me, my experience with that is, when you give us those spots where you're going to short the crap out of them, nine of the 10 times they hit. He told me, so what I do is. I just longed them with a lot of power towards it. And, you know, I made so much money. So I thought, good for that. I already told you, Magdalene. I think it was, I think it was, I think it was 1 .

01:05:17
30. I think it was 1 . 30. Where's Fart? Oh, here's Fart. Here it is. Here it is. So bad it, so bad it, so bad it, so bad it. Here it is. We're in the box. So this is the shorting box. Well, it's blue. It shouldn't be blue. I'm sorry. Forgive me for making it blue. Please forgive me, guys. So this is the red zone. For Fartacoin, this is Fartacoin Red Zone. So this is until the 1:30. I think that this is when Fartacoin needs to take a breather. So Fartacoin is taking the breather, just like I told you. So you should already be in this chart. And I showed you this chart. I know for sure that I showed you guys this chart. And I told you 1:30.

01:05:55
I think that's when things will probably know. Yesterday, I had a – there was still a one-on-one was scheduled from the auction months ago. So it wasn't until yesterday that I did it, but it was a great one-on-one. I never done these one-on-ones because I just don't like – I'm a financial advisor. I don't like these one-on-ones. I just don't like them. I got offered a lot of money to do them, but I just don't want to do them. So I did once this auction. I did some one-on-ones, but, you know, by time, I really love to do this. You know, I love because, you know, I'm doing most of the times, I'm doing the one-on-ones, I'm doing with, you know, people that I know for years.

01:06:39
They're with me on Twitter and, you know, whatever, YouTube, they're with me. And, you know, when you get those one-on-ones with them and, you know, and you start digging in and I start getting into their minds and start giving them some really tricks. Personal tricks, uh, some things just so I'm giving the trading style they need based on their, you know, their personal uh manners or personal situations and how they should see things. You know, it wasn't yesterday; it was yesterday with one of my favorite read-for members, one of my favorite read-for members by the way, I'm not gonna name his name, but it's it's a it's it's it's it's a male uh mill, but you know.

01:07:15
After after you know I love that you know, you know, I just love that one one that I did with you know, just you know, I had you know, I just you know, you get to know these people. It's just like I know them personally; it's very strange, you know. But I just love I really loved it, I really loved. It's really loved, oh by the way, I'm seeing that swarms, oh swarms, swarms, you know that wrecked one, look at this, swamps, oh swarms, why did Travel 11 not tell me something about swarms? Look at these guys, remember I know that you guys don't remember, you know. It's always MW or whatever. No, no, no, no, no, no. I told you about this. Look at this. It doubled. Accumulation, accumulation, boom.

01:07:57
Oh, you guys, you can make so much money. You just need to get that money in. Don't be afraid. Just do it. Just freaking do it. So let me see. Where is Hans Yellow Heart Red? I'm sorry. I'm just too tired to understand it. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Good question. Cheesecake MW. I'm watching but slightly behind as I'm doing. When you said confirm the support on the daily, does that mean you only enter after the candle closes within the daily candle? Yes, it has to close above. So on the bottom. So on the bottom. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Can I show you over here? Where are you? Where's my indicator? I'm not seeing my indicator.

01:08:45
Let me go over here. So basically what you're seeing is this is an example. This is an example. So this is an example. So over here, we just lost it. So this is no trade. This is a short trade, in my opinion. This is also a short trade, by the way. You see that the price went up again. This happens. So that's why I'm explaining it. Because you know why? If this thing was going bearish, going dumpy, but Bitcoin decided to pump, you'll get this. Because you have to keep in mind that, you know, you have to first of all, first of all, you have to analyze Bitcoin. Because like Bitcoin, if Bitcoin is above the indicator on the daily, don't expect altcoins to dump.

01:09:21
So even if this thing, you have to see like this is the difference between me and many others. So if, for example, so I'm following my indicator and this thing has been closing below it. Okay. So I think to myself, I'm going to short it. But wait, wait, wait. One minute. One minute. Wait. Bitcoin is still holding the range above the indicator. So that's bullish. And especially if I'm going to get bullish. So it's just like one guy. On Wednesday, I always watch your streams. I hate shorting. I never short markets, nothing. The only thing I do is I keep, it's a torture. He told me it's a big torture watching your live streams. Why? Because he told me, I'm only interested when you get bullish.

01:10:02
And when you get bullish, I just go all in. And he doesn't trade leverage, by the way, he just trades spot. That's what I do. He said, 'I've been doing this past year and I'm always.' Uh, I'm over almost 30x his account but he goes like all in this guy is crazy but he told me so he told me can't you just dm me or something when you're gonna make when you flip bullish that's way uh that way I don't have to watch your live streams, I thought what look, I'm gonna pay you big for it, just just just dm me, tell me, okay, I'm gonna make a hash of it, I'm bullish, you turn bullish, that's the only thing I'm interested in

01:10:38
some crazy people in the world but listen, so if if suppose that you suppose that you want, you want a short arc for example over here on the daily because the daily by the way guys is really for people that are trading four hour time frame, daily factors, it's not the ones that go in and out, so you're willing to hold your position for a week, two weeks, three weeks, five days, four days, whatever, so but over here this would be a short entry because this is super bearish, but if bitcoin is above the indie and looking bullish And it starts romping up just like we saw. You cannot expect this thing to dump down. It's that easy. It's that simple. But what you're seeing, there are a lot of examples over here.

01:11:21
For example, this one. So we came above it, retested. This could be an entry. This could be an entry. This could be an entry. This is an entry. This is an entry. This is even a perfect entry, this one over here. And then you got this entry. You got this entry. This entry. This entry. You see? This is where you can make all those moves up because this is by the way, especially, especially these are the moves that I'm explaining so this is great that I saw this example, what you're seeing now is you're seeing a lot of altcoins, a lot of altcoins were traveling below the indicator the past months, weeks, especially after after January, so now what you see, you see this thing go above the indie and then you see it's coming back, confirmation, and then Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, and then up she goes, up she goes, up she goes.

01:12:12
So these are what I'm preparing you guys for, this is what I want, this is what I explained on Monday and I'm explaining today again, this is what I'm eyeing, this is what I'll be doing, I'm looking for the altcoins that ramped up, came back, retested support over here. And then we'll travel up. So I'm trying to get myself in a lot of positions on these levels, on a lot of altcoins. And I think that I explained this now into perfection. I think that nobody will ask something. You understand. So this is what I'm eyeing now. And I'm also willing to lose money this time. Yes, I'm willing to lose. Because why? Because that's how bullish I am on altcoins. Coming weeks, months. I'm super bullish on altcoins.

01:13:02
And, you know, there was one guy on Twitter, he told me, wait a minute, but Scott Melker, he told me that altcoins are done and it's all about Bitcoin, etc. Listen, bro. That's Scott Melker. He's he. I'm I. So, he has his opinion. I have my opinion. Now, let's see. Let's see. Because if you would just listen to me, if Scott Melker would be right, because in my opinion, he is either living on another planet or I don't know where he is. I don't know what charts he's checking. But if you would just check what I've been sharing past two weeks, especially with the beginning of the Koreans that nobody's talking about. And I showed you guys that a lot of altcoins are going to pump, are going up, especially the one getting listed, up it, volume.

01:13:56
If you would just see how many altcoins have been pumping from bottoms past two weeks. He would never say that. Because those are the facts. He would never say what he said. Because there is a big group of coins, and especially with past Sunday, when the Binance gang started flipping some Bitcoin into certain altcoins, pumping them up 100%, 200%. We haven't seen that for a big while. If he got his opinion, I've got my opinion, but let's get the fact together. The only fact that he can beat me with is this. He can beat me with the fact that we are, this is not showing that altcoins are, what is it? So this is his fact. He can beat me with this one. He can beat me with this one.

01:14:43
It's his right to beat me with this one because Bitcoin is just as strong. By the way, we didn't do ETH BTC, by the way. Oh, it's going to be a really big, big stream. Oh, it's going to be a really long stream. It's filled with alpha guys. It's very important. Because if I would be discussing Scott Melker, and by the way, for you guys just to know, Scott Melker, not him personally, but his assistant or secretary, they've been inviting me for like two weeks now. And it's a bit of shame for my side because every time I've got something else to do, so I cannot join them at Crypto Town Hall. But, you know, I'm going to try to get on the show.

01:15:21
Uh, the coming weeks uh, if they want me because they have invited me for like three four times and I didn't show up there you know, so but you know, but Scott Melker, the only discussion that I would discuss this guy is listen over here he's right, but the facts are that the money that is flowing in from Korea, they're not pumping Bitcoin with it; they're pumping a lot of altcoins with it. And it's not one, two, three, four altcoins. No, it's like, you know, 20, 30, 40 altcoins are pumping. So that's, you know, for us retailers, that's all we need. We only need, we don't need 10,000 altcoins to pump. We just need 50, 100 altcoins to pump and we're going to make our money.

01:16:03
So basically what Scott Marker is saying, he's right. But what I'm saying is also right. But now comes the difference between me and Scott. Scott always, just like, all the others, they always tell you what's happening that day. I'm not so focused on what's happening today. I'm focused on what's going to happen next week, what's going to happen next month, what's going to happen in two days. And that's what I was explaining to you guys, that this is really resistance. And I think that this thing also needs a little bit of, you know, calm down, give the altcoins a little bit of, and especially if you would look at this one. Then we will disagree like a million percent. Let's look where we are.

01:16:48
If you say, oh, well, altcoins will never go up, this and that, whatever, look where we are. So if you want to say that to me, tell me that story over here, Mr. Scott Malker. But if you will tell me that altcoins will never go up at the bottom, then I think to myself, you're either having another agenda or you're just not seeing. The clear sight of so, if you want me to show you this, I'm willing to show you this, but this is not the time to start saying that altcoins are dead. Altcoins will never wake up; altcoins will never go up. You can tell me that over here; you can tell me that over here. That story I'll believe you in live link, listen uh. Altcoins are dead; altcoins won't go up.

01:17:35
It's all about Bitcoin, blah blah blah. Okay, I believe you; I'm with you; I'm with you. You know i'm I'm going to shout it everywhere. Okay, you're right. It's, you know, over here. Boom. Yes, you're right. Yes, yes. Altcoins are dead. Don't tell me that over here. Don't tell me that over here. Because when you're telling me that, you're either making a fool out of me, or you think that I'm a fool, or you're fooling whoever it is that you're telling that story to. Don't tell people over here that altcoins are dead. This is when you're a hero. This is when you're a hero. This is when you're a hero. Not here. Don't tell me that over there. Because guys, when I argue with someone, when I have another opinion about someone, I always explain myself with facts, with charts.

01:18:23
It's not like I'm just yelling, oh, I think they're going to moon. It's not like that. I'm just showing you. Bang, bang. Guys, it's enough for me. Your Trading View is working. So, you know, I took you with me. You have been enjoying my trading view while your Trading View is not working. I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for joining. And if someone or anyone is angry about the indicator or the beginner's course or the high volume courses, whatever, you can all blame. Who to blame, guys, in the chat? Who can they blame? Three, two, one. Who is out there to blame? Yes, just blame her, blame her, I know I did my thing, I did my part, thank you for watching guys, I really love you all, I think yeah, I think it was, I think he sells right exactly, she's the one sells off the blame, yes he's the one, it's just what it is, guys, I really love you, thanks all for watching, I hope hope hope hope

01:19:29
Maybe Friday, Friday will be the next next next next next the next stream. Just keep in mind, guys, that for now We're just gonna side-step and keep in mind that we're nearly really heading into resistance. So, so secure profits by securing profits. I keep saying you have to hire out those stop-losses. You have to hire stop-losses. So that's all you have to do, okay. Well, have a nice one. Thanks for watching it. Bye. Bye.
*** Live Stream 04-26-2025 Altcoins finding bullish momentum !! *** 

00:00:21
Good morning. Good morning, MW. Welcome to Gatorade and Crypto. Welcome. Welcome, welcome, welcome. I'm feeling much better today. I was a little bit sick, a lot of pain. So, yeah, it was; it was; it was; so, you know; it is what it is, you know; it's just health. Let me just be very honest with you guys. I don't; I don't; you know; I don't live a healthy life. I'm going to be very honest. So, you know; I suck at living healthy, you know; you know; I eat bad, I sleep bad, I skip training. i smoke uh so yeah so life sucks you know it is what it is you know you know i'm not

00:01:02
the perfect person you know it's just what it is nobody's perfect in this world so these are the things that are sucking it's really health i don't really take care of my health and it was very funny there was a dog here in dubai that that follows me one of the retail fan members and she told me listen get your ass over here i need to make sure i'm gonna check your ass every week and you know you have to stay healthy because when you don't do a live stream i lose money i need to know if i should be long or shorting market so just get your ass you'll get the best treatment in here you don't have to pay a dime for it i'll be your personal doctor i'll make sure that you know whatever it is i'll check you up And you know, I'll do it in my free time; I don't care.

00:01:53
Yes, you have to stay healthy, that's so funny was so funny, so funny, really so funny, so uh, so yes, yes, yes. We, you know, you know, it's it's you know, basically I-I do agree because you know the most important updates are on Friday because why? Because we have to expect how the markets are going to close and you know how to act on them over the weekends. So I'm sorry, it's it's just what it is you know. I was just too sick to do any live stream or whatever, so really, forgive me about that one. So, you know, it is what it is, but you know I've educated you guys and it's very simple. So first of all, um, I set secure Profits into resistance, well, let me say that around what is it, around 27 of my uh of of of my of my of my of my loans have been hits uh in profits and around around around 76 are still running and exploding in games.

00:02:56
By the way, it was you know it was also a DM from a very big investor that follows me, he told me 'Mw, listen that stream that you did on Monday, I think when he told us okay, you're flipping bullish out of out of you know, you just flip bullish out of the sudden and you know. And he said, well, I think that the money will now flow into crypto. He told me that was your best call ever.' I told him, well, I don't agree on that one, that it was my best call ever. I made some other sick calls also. But I can understand that it's for a bull. Because someone that is a bull, you know, I've said it a lot of times.

00:03:41
When you see MW getting bullish, you really have to focus. You really have to, you know, all the alarm bells need to go off because I don't get that bullish very often. So when you see me getting bullish, you really have to focus. You really have to focus. You really have to focus. Yeah, it is what it is. So I'm going to do a quick market update with you guys about what happened past days because I've been offline. I'm going to do what I think will happen. Then we're going to dive into the altcoins because it's all about altcoins, about pumps. See, by the way, I just saw my virtual. Oh, boom. Virtual. My virtual tweet just exploded. You know, it's, you know, I mean, on the long ETF.

00:04:23
And also SPX and also Trump. Trump also, Trump, you know, you have to see, like this guy's thing, it's a long ETF, I don't watch that portfolio a lot; it's just for me because it's you know, it's mid-term, long term. I don't give a crap about it; it's you know, it's on another offline account and you know, I check it sometimes, I don't even see what's going on; you know, it's just running over there and that's where I put in, you know, a higher up my stop loss in profits. Uh, when I see that we're heading into resistance, and for the rest, yeah, it's just running, and you know, I was, I was checking it uh before I did the open up the stream and mama my, oh mama my, mama my, so you have to see if you just go back to Monday and you know, if you would watch the live stream; I even, you know, I think it's, yeah, it's open listed.

00:05:13
So I even opened it for the whole world to see it. So it's not private, that vid; it's, you know, it's, you know, for the really big money, it's, you know, it's mind-blowing. They keep saying, how the freak do you know that every freaking time? Now, call it a six cent, a seven cent, eight cents, nine cent, ten cent. It doesn't matter, but it's, you know, it's just what I do for a living. That's what I do for a living. Now, okay. So, that's done, so now we have to keep focusing, by the way I also was in a meeting with a team, they have some personal stuff running between them, I don't know

00:05:49
what's going on with these guys, you know it's a little bit of a mess since two of those guys came to Dubai with me and then stayed there and it's a little bit of a mess so they also extended they extended their um the the subscription for their members by two weeks because they have some personal things running but you know I told him, you freaks, just at least go on those charts and share some traits. And, you know, that's what they did right after the meeting. And, you know, it was directly boom, boom, boom, boom. I told him, just keep doing that. Forget about the personal stuff just focus on trading because that's

00:06:28
what you guys do best make your members your paid members very happy so they can make also a lot of money so they really destroy that trade by the way in a very short period of time boom boom I'm gonna see who's over here by the way this is a very very very early live stream for a lot of retailers in here because most of my followers come from Europe you know Germany et cetera So they all probably are sleeping now But you know I have to do the live stream now I just have to do it So well I hope that they will see later on today So let me run some music and then we're going to start it off Boom boom Thanks my little fam Go go go go Boom boom

00:08:10
We think you think you think What do I got What do I got What do I got? What do I got over here We got a key We got Salma Rashid We got Zagalou Morning when you want to play with the big dogs you can't cry like a puppy It's not about that I agree with you but it's not about it. We're going to talk about it later. We're going to talk about it later in a moment. But, you know, it's exactly just like I explained to you guys in the trading course. The biggest problem with retailers is when they go into a layer. I'm telling you, you have to reserve like 20% of your portfolio in it. And it's an investment. Forget about it.

00:08:44
Just DCA in, just like I teach you on that video, exactly know what to do. And that's it. People give it too much, you know, because you have to see it like this, a gold mine, you know, that layer is a gold mine. You just don't know it yet, but it's, it's a gold mine. So, but it's, it's the problem with a lot of retailers is they just don't do what I tell them. I, you know, I released a freaking Twitter course with about layer. And, you know, people just don't listen. And maybe it's not just that they don't listen. I don't know what's going wrong, but you have to. So what they do is they oversize the position.

00:09:25
And at some point, because, you know, I'm reading some comments, well, I could have taken a lot of other trades, but I'm in layer. What has layer got to do with that? There is, you know, it's just, you know, if, you know, if it's too hard for you, I always tell you, open up a Bitunex account, open a Binance account. Wait for me. I'm going to, I'm going to, the new partnership is coming. You can even use a third exchange for that. If it's too hard for you, just use, for example, you're always trading on Bloven. Okay. I'm going to do the trade on Bitunex. Put some funds over there. And that's my layer trade, you know, because that's a long-term trade. That's my gold mine.

00:10:03
And then on Bloven, I do whatever it is that I'm doing. That's how it works. That's how it works for the ones that can manage their positions. And that's the big problem. Okay, so we've got Craig. We've got Devbrick. We've got Madag in the house. Oh, my God. John is here. Devbrick. We've got RevPop. Riff Popper. Riff Bonjour. We've got Ellis. We've got GetAction. We've got Lien. Dermanschaft is in the house. We've got Rosa Cordeiro. We've got LazyBearEFR. Koningsdach. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, by the way, guys. How was it again? I forget about it.

00:11:06
So, by the way, guys, it's King's Day today in the Netherlands. So, congrats to the king. I love the Dutch king. I love my king. I really love the king. So, congrats, congratulations to the king with his birthday and also for everyone. By the way, for the people who don't know, in the Netherlands, when it's King's Day, you know, people go party. They go dance. They go, they get drunk. They get wasted. I don't know. They do a lot of crazy stuff. Uh, on this day and you know it's it's one big party in the Netherlands so yes, so uh well King's Day okay King's Day uh in the Netherlands so we go what do we got what do we got?

00:11:47
Lazy Bear, we got uh we got Ivan, we got Carlo, Carlos in the house, we got Trend, we got uh Muhammad Ali, we got Peter, we got uh Waleed, you got medic Andra straight up uh Christian, we got GAD, we got super super good Benjamin, we got Stacy, we got Pip, we got Peter, uh we got uh OMG, oh my god Suey did we miss the train what train Suey has got unlock coming up so they are pre-pumping the unlock that's all that's going on with Suey. By the way, I think that Sue is a great project. So nothing about that. But, you know, it's just the unlock that is pre-pumping the coin. Love from India. We've got Siljo Paul. We've got Michael. Check, check. Okay. We've got Snowy. We've got Lorena.

00:12:42
We've got Johan. Good morning. We've got Martin. We've got Lord Binance. We've got EFR. We've got Paul. We've got Dinana. What is this? Dinana. Okay. So thank you, thank you. Welcome all for joining me for the ones that are awake. So let me let me first of all stop by the way guys. This is super, super, super, super, you know. Wall Street! This is about bullshit, you know. When we calculated this top and this bottom, and now we are around the 50%. So this bounce up is this, you know? The Wall Street! You know I've said it a lot of times: Wall Street is the biggest, biggest, biggest by far biggest bulls in the world. So, this bounce up is just not something special you know.

00:13:27
This is this is this is this is just normal. This is just what wall street does because you know. If I would zoom out on three months, you see so never never ever ever be never ever ever be a surprise when you see uh when you see when you see when you see wall street pumping the market up again. So it's normal, it's just what they do. You have to be only surprised when when when the price goes down. But look at this look at this candle by the way. Look at this. This is you know if you if you if you watch it on where's my other us 500 because this is a little bit uh yes let's use this one. Look at this, guys. Oh oh look at this.

00:14:15
Is you know I don't think that this will close this way but just imagine if it would look at this candle. Look at this. Oh this is wall street, guys. Wall street. You have to always keep in mind when wall street bumps up it's normal when wall street you know makes a candle down or some red that's when you have to be you know that's when you have to be very cautious have to now i have to but let me tell you this let me tell you this let me tell you this okay now people probably think what is he gonna say now what is he gonna say now i'm gonna tell you what i'm gonna say but this is also because wall street is pretty pretty pretty pretty autistic not pretty they they are just autistic that's just what they are and what we've seen in you know in the past like in the past years over here is when we see these red candles monthly one two This is also 1, 2.

00:15:15
This is also 1, 2. Over here, this nut, but this one, 1, 2. 1, 2, 3. 1, 2. 1, 2, 3. This was also invalid. And this was also invalid. But we are now in the second one. So, what are you talking about now? Which are 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2. What does it mean? It means that most of the time, so like 60, 70% of the times. When a red candle appears, it continues to go down. So that's how autistic they are. So let me just tell you this. So I think that this is a dead cat bounce. I think that we will go lower this time. So even though it's against all odds, or whilst it's bullish, I think that this is just a bounce flushing out some greedy shorts, and they will dump it down again.

00:16:07
That's what I think. You see it also over here on the weekly. If we go to the weekly, you also see over here that we are just trying to bounce this thing up. And then you might even say that maybe this is, let me just tell you this. Let me just tell you this. Let me that the ones that are with me and have been shorting the crap out of that box and long it at the same time, there will be shorts. Longs will get closed and shorts will get open again over here. I think that they might start opening the shorts even earlier. I think that the shorts might open up earlier. This is about the U. S. market. The U. S.

00:16:50
market, they're just doing whatever it is they're doing because these guys, they just don't know what to do with their money. The only thing that you have to see like this, these Americans, they really have no clue what they're doing with their money. The only thing that they know to do with their money is to pump it into stocks. That's all they know. They get some dividends. Whatever money you have, what are you going to do with it? Put it in stocks. That's it. Listen, guys, it's just that easy. That's how the Americans think. Show the VIX, pump the stocks. That's what they know. They've always ruled by this. And this is also, by the way, why Trump is getting so much hate because, you know, he's trying to get those stocks down.

00:17:32
Maybe he's got a big bag of cash. He wants to buy some stocks with it because, you know. He just took profits, I don't know, I don't know what he's doing, but whatever he's doing, but the facts are, is that you know he's the one trying trying to fight Wall Street and well, he did great on these weekly candles, but look at this, look at this pounds, my brother, this is the pound. So uh, I think that from over here, from 5,600, I think that over here, here will the turbulence uh, here will everything will go down again, I think that's what I think so in this box, I think that over here, this is where we're gonna get a retrace again, so it's just normal guys, so we go down come back because you have to always see it like this in Wall Street.

00:18:19
The bounces up are the most easy parts, the easy straights, easy straight because you know Wall Street just likes to pump markets, stocks that's all they know, all the money goes into stocks and this is also by the way if you watch my last show Monday, It's also why I told you, listen, they've got a lot of money. When they cannot buy stocks or their version stocks, they might pop into crypto. And that's also why the rise that you saw on Bitcoin and whatever, that's the result of it. But that's just how, as a trader, how you think, how you do, how you act, and how you make money in the markets up and down. So be very careful because it's only, what is this? This is only like 70, 80 points, guys.

00:19:02
70 80 points and then it's gone, we closed above the indicator on the daily but you know uh I'm not giving it too much uh too much power in my opinion. I think that you know everything now towards these levels uh is a danger zone and by the way this is also the reason why I started securing profits over here because we're just going into resistance zones now, it's just what it is. You can tell me whatever it is that you want to tell me, I don't give a crap what you gotta tell me but This is resistance, and when resistance, I'll start securing profits. So what does securing profits mean for the ones that are new? I'm going to repeat myself again. Securing profit is just like this.

00:19:39
If you are running like an 800% profit on whatever, on SPX, on Giga, on Kodi, on Bitcoin, on Ethereum, I don't give a crap. Whatever it is, what you do is you higher up your stop loss. So if this would be like, let's say that you, because this is when we bought in. So for example, it's very simple so you're running into profits by for example and then for example uh you your stop-loss is you take your stop-loss and profits is for example over here so what you do is the higher it goes the higher you think okay this thing goes up here secure profits i'm gonna do like this this thing comes over here no problem i'm gonna do like this and that's it and that's it that easy it's that easy and if it gets hits it gets hit it'll profit if you

00:20:28
one two well whatever mw you know i'm not even gonna wait for that i'm just gonna take profits right away then just take profits so that's about us 500 let me go to dxy because very important dxy dxy is finding you know it's pathetic pathetic and by the way guys i'm going to be very honest with you guys i think that this is also just the dead Cat bounce, so I think that the dx1 will go lower, so I think that the d, so I think that this thing is this thing is coming down and I think that the next round of dump will come, so I'm really preparing myself for a 94 cents for for for 88 cents uh piece why if I'm really expecting it so uh the only the only thing that could really uh something that could if if something in the narratives or you know fundamentally will change and this thing will start dumping down, that's the only way that these will find momentum

00:21:25
but for now I see that this thing will crawl up and I think that this zone over here which you're seeing over here, this will flip flip uh flip support and i think that the euro will make its next uh move up over here it's just like the gpu i also same story so we had oh look at this guys this chart has been here for months look at this boom boom boom told you over here i'm taking profits on my yen i'm taking profits of my well what did you see i'm blowing i love this i love this by the way okay there's a lot by the way for the end so also same over here i think that we're gonna find some support so i'm not seeing any light for the xy yet

00:22:14
i'm really this is the most important part about whatever it is that i'm doing i'm trading investing crypto especially this one this one is really really so so important because we're getting rejected on this level over here so let's see let's see let's see we're just going so let me go to bitcoin well what is bitcoin so bitcoin so basically bitcoin uh we already talked about this you know uh you know monday when we had this you know hold hold hold hold and then boom boom boom boom and basically this is also where we're heading into some uh we're heading into some uh a little bit of uh resistance over here so it's just a turbulent development so some resistance over here so this thing will you know but you know we had this rise up and then you know if this Thing goes sideways, all of us could really explode; um, so let me go to my green-green-green chart, so let me...

00:23:08
oh, we're okay. The chart was ordered. So we had into this level over here. We even reached 95. 5 and now, you know, it's coming down. This is just resistance, guys. This is what it is. You have to see it like this. People, you know, just like we did, they buy in around 74. And then over here, this is, guys, don't underestimate this. This is even without leverage. This is a 30% bounce, guys. You have to just see it like this. So, you know. This big money, this... you know, if he bought a million dollars of Bitcoin, he now got $1.3 million. 3 million, 300K. And this is just on spot. Just on spot. This is just on spot. This is, you know, this is just spot. That's what it is. Imagine people not trading leverage. You know, it's the same over here. ETH, for example. Where's ETH? ETH. Look at ETH. How much did ETH do? ETH is doing even better. 31%. It's almost the same, by the way. Not a big of a difference. By the way, we broke out over this. This is very bullish, by the way, for altcoins. So we broke out. We're holding support over here. We could come down to

00:24:34
flip support over on the bottom of the indicator and then go up; also, this trend line uh could happen, but this is bullish for altcoins, but I already told you this because if you would go to discharge, look at this guy's we're now reaching uh, this is the red zone, this is the danger zone, but I already told you it's gonna be all season so we're now hitting some resistance so this thing might come back; but you know everything in this box It's all season in my, in my, in my opinion, because yeah, you can listen to Scott Malcolm. Oh, all of us will never go up again. Okay. Well, whatever, whatever, but you know, the facts say otherwise, maybe he has got other facts, but you know, for me, this thing, uh, even if we got rejected, I went into this restaurant, it's going to be all season.

00:25:24
It's going to be all about all season. It's going to be about all season. So, uh, talking about alt season let me first of all do Pexi for example, for one moment, let me do Pexi before we go into the outcomes, backseat look at this, by the way, gold also retraced while, uh, while they found some support and you know over here, this was when we, uh, when we were we, uh, uh pumped up, it was Tuesday, yes, so Monday, this is when I did the vid about, uh, being bullish on crypto. And, you know, a day after, boom, we came down. We didn't even hold this blue zone. So we held this zone over this line over here. So, yeah, maybe this thing might bounce back again, you know, bounce back again, make a little bit of pain for crypto.

00:26:13
But, you know, guys, you know, I told you every single dump that we're going to get from now on, it's going to get bought up very, very, very, very fast and very, very big. On altcoins, so if my take profits uh will get hit on the retrace I will load up load up on on markets come down again so I'm not gonna wait I'm gonna trade by the way also a lot that's also what I told the team in the morning the freak are you guys doing solve whatever is going on in your lives start trading all coins are going bananas you guys are in your personal stuff so over here we'll hold look at this guy, you know, You got this guy telling, you know, this gets me crazy.

00:26:58
You got this guy telling you, well, Altos, I don't think that Altos will ever go up again. I just don't think so. So the holders in here, if you're here, you know, MW has always destroyed new parts here, destroyed the crap out of you, these holders. And, you know, you guys are so wrecked that, you know, I cannot even count anymore how wrecked you guys are. But listen, guys, listen, guys, it's that simple. But this is where you should be afraid now, yeah, now you're already 90% down, so you know just hold the damn thing for another 10 minutes-it's just what it is. So look at this thing; look at this and see this thing is very interesting, this thing is very interesting if this thing just comes down to the indie even this line this will make so many altcoins exploding gates, it's it's you know they will just explode it.

00:27:51
Okay, so this was, by the way, the trade the team took. It was this FLM, this one. I thought, why don't you just go trade? So just go trade the fucking... This was when they made some money. But this is a nasty candle, by the way. So, you know, they took some profits here, I think. But this is a nasty candle. Team, I don't like this. I know that you guys are watching. I don't like this candle. I would say secure profits on that one so um let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, okay, let me go to the, to the, to the, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I think a lot of you guys want to know something about this one, let's see, let's see, let me see, let me see.

00:28:47
Let me explain a little bit about layer, because layer, layer, layer, layer. I've been talking a lot about layer. So layer, so this is layer, by the way, guys. This is layer. First of all, what you guys need to know, because I have to be a little bit more clear about layer. Layer is just one big Ponzi scheme. First of all, something that you guys need to know, I don't know if you guys know it already. Let me see. One moment, please. Let me get it onto my, let me, can I show you guys this? Why can't I show you guys this? Let me see. Let me flip my screen. Let me flip this screen. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, guys. I'm trying to get you guys to see my screen. Maybe, maybe I can flip my screen. I don't know if it's going to work. Let me see if I can flip my screen, guys. So you guys, we're going to flip to another screen. Let me see. Salsara is enjoying life. So she's not with us.

00:29:57
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to stop this screen. OK. You guys can see a milk killer here. Oh, I'm looking so good. I'm looking so good. so let me see if i can share this screen share screen and then let me see yeah i think you guys can see this it is so bad it's so bad it's so bad can you see this guys can you confirm that you're seeing this hey guys confirm that you guys can see this in the chat I need confirmation. Can you see my screen? Screen, screen, screen, screen. Oh, wait a minute. I need to remove this one. Yes, you can see it. Okay. So what you're seeing over here, look, we got this event going on. This event is coming up in 15 days.

00:30:50
Well, whatever. Because this is not something to be bearish or bullish about. Because, you know, when an event comes up, you know, it's all about building. It's all about building. When you build a lot of shorts, market makers could decide, okay, they're going to wreck you, you know, just like we did. I explained on Ondo, et cetera. So don't give this too much. It's not about this one now. It's about this one. Are you seeing this? Because, you know, we've done this with Ondo. We've done this with W. We've done this with Barrow. We've done this with, I think, 50, 100 points. Maybe more. Maybe 200 coins. We've done this already. Look at this: 22 is unlocked; 78 is locked. Guys, show me one coin!

00:31:45
If any of you guys I dare anyone to show me one coin just show me one coin that had like more than 50/ 60 percent locked coins that moon's there ain't. It's all a force pump up up up up up up up and then they dump it down very hard and then by hard I mean they dump it down to the bottom. So if anyone thinks that layer is gonna be it's gonna be out. Wait a minute, but layer layer is maybe no layer. Maybe mine. It's not about that. You have to see this is a race. It's just a race and they are exhausting people. So the ones that get exhausted, they will fall out. But the ones that are strong, the ones that are trained, the ones that have a lot of big lungs, they will be huge, huge, huge, huge winners.

00:32:42
And the only thing that you have to do is you have to know how they're going to catch you. You have to know how they're going to liquidate you. You have to know how they're going to – just exactly what I explained. I'm not going to repeat myself. Trading course videos out there are explained into details how to trade this. But look at this. 22%, guys. 22% is unlocked. So only 22% is out there. So there are some 78 greedy people over here waiting to sell this rise. What do you think? These guys bought in maybe even lower than this. These guys are at, these guys, I think they bought in this lock. Most of the times it's at one cent, one cent. What do you think they'll do?

00:33:33
If he just gets, oh, my, you know, I've got, I've got a 30 X. Ah, I've got a 30 X of gains or 40 X or 50 X. What do you think they will do? And don't give me this. They will hold crap. Because it never happened on any coin out there. Never. Never, never. It never happened. So why would it happen now on the layer? What makes you think that they will do the layer? So for now, what you're seeing is very simple. What they're doing is market makers are just hunting down. They're hunting down the, you know, they're hunting down the. They're hunting down the shorts, the dump shorts, so the greedy shorts, the ones that don't know how to trade, how to protect, how to chase trade.

00:34:28
Those ones, they're hunting them down. And then it's just for you. You have to see. You have to see. You have to see. I already explained to you this, by the way, a lot of times. You have to see it as an investment. That's how I have been doing it for years. It's just like, for example, you know. When you're trading, I suppose that you're bullish on Layer over here over here suppose that you're bullish over here and you bought a layout one buck okay and then it came down to 90 cents. You bought a little bit more and then it dumped down very hard. And then oh, I'm, you know, I'm losing so much money, oh! And then what do you do?

00:35:03
You bought in another about a bag here just like it's a whole bag, you're just holding it, you know, you don't care, you know, you're just holding it. You know, you're huddling and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! Then you're you're in profits, take profits or whatever, it's the same thing. This is the same, it's you know if you bought in uh from 150 for example, let's say you bought it over here so and then you bought it a little bit over here and then you bought a little bit over here and then you bought a little bit over here, it's just an investment, just forget about It doesn't look at it, I don't even know why you guys are looking at if you're you know if you're Chase trading it and you're you know you're going in

00:35:41
out in out hiring up your your your entry level okay that's another thing then you're just day trading but even if you're not day trading if you do it the NWA I don't care you know I just put in another buy order at three bucks I gotta put the next one at around three three thirty three fifty and you want to pump it up be my guest let's go because the more you pump the more I'm getting paid just do it every freaking time okay you know I shared it on X I closed the all trade in one thousand one. Hundred percent huge, but where is all by the way, where is all, where is all over here is all, you know, remember do you remember the time you remember so this thing, oh well, I closed it started bouncing, it's okay, whatever, so perfect close, so I closed this position, this was the L of 11.

00:36:36
00, this was you have to see like this, This was a dump of, you know, 30%. In, you know, in how many days? Let me get my candles back. This was in one, two, three, four. Basically, this dump, since I called this, I think I called this on Monday. I gave you guys this on Monday, I think, right? I don't remember. But anyway, this dump, when did I give, when did I share this? When did I share this? What is this? What is this? What is this? I don't even remember this. But either way, when this was shared, this is a 30% up. This is a huge amount of money. That amount of money will get flipped into a layer. Where's my layer now? Now I lost my layer.

00:37:27
Oh, here it is. Here it is. Here it is. So this is now, as we speak, getting flipped into this. It's getting flipped into layer now. You know, that 11% will become 4,000%. I know it for sure. It's just you have to have patience. You have to wait for it. And also something very important because someone asked me about this. But, you know, I explained all of this on my training course for Dara. That's simple. Look at this, guys. If you put it on the 50 minutes, this is, by the way, this is the perpetual one. Look at this. So when you're chase trading this, so for example, when you wanted to put in a 10K position and you're already in with 6K, I'm just saying something.

00:38:20
So you still got like 4K remaining to add. What you have to do is you have to, you know, look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. They just don't want you know it's it's a bullish momentum, it's you know actually from the moment yesterday when I told them, okay, you can start uh start, uh, you can start focusing on your logs. Oh oh wait a minute I'm so oh I'm sorry guys, I'm sorry guys, so I'm sorry guys, you're right, I'm not showing my, showing my, I need to show my audit. Oh there you are, there you are, there you are, so uh, you guys need to see this, uh, oh okay, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, so but basically let me finish this before I'm gonna go further.

00:39:17
So for example, you're like 6k, you're like 6k in and then guys I told you this yesterday because actually exactly since yesterday when I told them we can focus on the long that's when they started longing. again It's just like they're listening to me. So listen, guys. So for example, you're, oh, wait a minute. Bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies. Okay, over here, I can imagine if you opened up a little because, well, you got this strong move up. But basically, it comes back. It's still in the indicators over here. You could take profits from this move up to here. So on this move up, I can understand that you are going to put in a little bit of money again over here.

00:39:57
But you have, when it retraces back to the index, you have to take profits from this one again and you start building and hiring on uh hiring up your uh your position so you know uh the the old position has been closed and is is is slowly getting dc8 in on a layer so uh that position is going uh higher up entry tremendously on on this is on btmx by the way, it's gonna hire it up tremendously, but you have to see it like this guys, you know higher higher higher high just go higher, you know every time when it goes high I'm adding I'm adding I'm adding adding and I'm chasing my my entry up and I know but you have to you have to understand this that when they start dumping this thing I will not take profits very fast, I will do the same just like I did on the rise, I will do the Same on the downside, so for example, if this thing, for example, just dumps down

00:40:57
with a 20% loss spot. I will take a minimum amount of profits, a minimum amount of profits. I will not take a lot of profits because why? I'm going to write this thing really down. I need this thing at least at 150 or lower, at least. And if this thing, because you need to understand, if this thing just comes down to the indicator, for example, 180 or 150 over here, you have to know that this is a huge position. That's a lot of money. You know, that's really, really, really, really, really a lot of money. So, you know, I understand that market makers are now like, you know what, you know, look at this, look at this. This is basically since yesterday when I told them, you can focus on the loans again.

00:41:42
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. They're just pushing. You know, they are killing the shorts. But that's why I'm telling you, don't be greedy on adding to your shorts when the bullish momentum. You can even use a hedge and just trade the indicator up. Also, there are several retail firm members that are doing this, by the way. They are DMing me that they're killing the longs or layer. But that's good. That's good. They're taking profits and flipping them short slowly. But this is the style. As long as you see that this indicator is not bad, even on the five-minute. Let me show you the five-minute, guys. Also, the five-minute, what it does is you see hold, go, hold, go, hold, go, hold, go.

00:42:25
And don't bother by looking at these invalidations very quickly because the power is not down. The power is up. Hold, go, hold, go, hold, go, hold, go. What you could do also, by the way, for the ones that are not into this trade, that are not trading this, what you could do if you're not in layer trade, you could just kill this trade. And how do you kill it? If you're bearish on it, you want to show the crap out of it just like uh most of the people are doing what you do is over here this is your entry okay it goes up I'm out wait for it okay this is your entry is that I'm out I'm out just when it goes above it I'm out it's just that easy it goes above market sell I'm out so over here the same thing uh uh you showed it it goes above it I'm out but they keep repeating this until they hit the jackpot

00:43:18
And this is how they keep their funds safe This is how they don't you know but this is really for the people that own the time to trade this They're on the charts all the time. And also, by the way, if you do this, you have to really do it with a decent amount of money. So you'll get, you know, so you'll get the best, the best, the best gains. But this is, for example, I know some people that that's all they do. They're sitting on their desk. this is all they do they they choose a target that is in formal levels they choose a target that is you know that should never been up anyway so they choose that one and all they do is you know they go in above the indicator they are and they're waiting they're waiting okay it goes below it again boom and they go on big positions because why they can go on big positions because this over here it's minimum amount of money

00:44:08
for example if they go in with i don't know 10k 20k 50k or leverage on a 20 30 x when they lose they lose like 70 bucks 100 bucks 200 bucks they don't care they lose here 100 bucks 200 bucks they don't care because this they are they're protecting the they're protecting their their the trading portfolio but you know when they hit it and this thing goes down they make two three k it's a style guys and you know i know some people that do this all the time you know they do this all the time and that's also why i told you guys yesterday please don't be you know don't be that you know don't be that if you're cheap if you're Not willing to lose small to big to win big, don't wait at all, bro.

00:44:53
You know, it was just like yesterday that I think it's a Dutch guy. I don't know if he's also a member of this live stream, but he told me, listen, you know, I cannot get 100K trading for me. It's just too much. What do you want me to say? What do you want me to say? If 100K trading, 100K trading is nothing. It's nothing. If it's too much for you, 100K trading, don't trade, bro. Don't trade. Don't trade. 100k trading goal is too much for me. You know, most of the times for people that 100k trading is not enough for you, it means that you shouldn't be trading anyway. Just go spot trade. If you got like $1,000 bucks, I don't know, $5,000 bucks, $2,000 bucks, $ 500 bucks, I don't give a crap.

00:45:44
Go spot trade. Just don't ever trade. You will lose money. Because why? Because you're too cheap to trade, you're too scared to trade or whatever it is. People have 100k trading volume with $200, I don't know, I, I, I just don't get it a lot of times I think to myself, 'Why am I wasting energy on this?' But you know, whatever. So that's about layer guys, layer it's just for me, very simple so uh it's just uh the higher this goes, uh the more it will get shorter, it's it's that simple. This is an investment and you must also not, you know, the reason why I keep posting about it is because I'm getting a lot of DMs about it from the retail fan. And that's why I keep posting about it.

00:46:29
But, you know, at some point, I don't want to post about it anymore. I'm clear. This is going to be not a $2,000, I think this is going to be a $3,000 P &L. You know? That's just what it is. I think this will be a $3,000 P &L based on where it is now. Or maybe even more. Maybe even $4,000 P &L. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. On 35X, I'm calculating now. I think it will be on 25X or 20X, $3,000. I think it will be $3,000 peanuts. It's, you know, I don't care. Go higher, higher, higher, higher.

00:47:05
You know, every time when it goes up, I keep adding, adding, adding, adding, adding until, you know, sometimes, you know, I wake up in the morning and I'm having my tea or my juice and then I look at my, oh, oh, that's how it most of the times happens. Oh, what happened to my trading portfolio? Oh, it exploded. What happened? Yeah, I lost 30, 40, 50%. Oh, what a surprise. But, you know, if a lot of people, what they do is, you know, a lot of people, what they do is they over-size their positions. So the trading portfolio is all about leverage. It shouldn't be. I told you in the trading course, it's just 20%.

00:47:53
You know that's it, 20 percent, 20 percent of your trading portfolio, use max of that to chase a trade, it that's it, remain the other 80 or 75 percent, that's that, that's you know, don't use that that's for your other trades, okay, so um yeah, so let me go to the long ETF because I'm, I was going to talk about the long ETF, uh So long ETF. So basically, let me, because I've been getting a lot of questions about the long ETF and, you know, how is it running? What's it do? And, you know, I already explained to you guys how I think that you guys should. So ETH will grade VeChain. What do I say? VeChain is, by the way, guys, one of my big backs. Really, really big backs.

00:48:40
So also on the long ETF. So VeChain. This is. I see six, sixty percent up, uh, by the way, I'm not a sixty percent spot, uh, against I think around 48 because I didn't know, I dc 18 from over here, but look at this PJ, 60, okay, so let me go to near also didn't hit by the way, uh, link we did get hit. Look at this: you're now 50 up from the 10 bucks that I told you about; 50 whatever Sui, look at this, from the box. Because a lot of people, they think, oh, MW, you know, they see me posting, they see me posting about layer, they see me posting some peanuts about ALK, shorting the crap out of it, and then they think, oh, this guy is only shorting one.

00:49:31
No! We're not only shorting markets. Actually, the biggest bags I have are loans, especially after Monday. And I even secured profits, but even that didn't get hit, so it's just going. Look at this silly look at this 120% for my buyers No This the future how much how much how much See 180% I got the swarms Whatever ARXBT, look at this. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. 130%. Fartcoin. Look at this Fartcoin. Look out. See this? See this? That's what we do. Because why? Fartcoin, we bought it over here. You remember the four or five? By the way, I think it's almost 12,000%. Look at this. You seeing this? Seeing this?

00:50:45
five hundred percent from our entry five hundred percent five hundred percent five hundred percent from our entry five hundred percent remember it was just two weeks ago three weeks ago listen guys i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying you remember i was screaming i'm buying guys i'm buying i don't give a crap i'm buying everyone is afraid Everyone tells you that we're going to zero. Well, I'm buying. Okay. 500%. And also, we're shorting this. That's even more crazy. We're shorting. What did I say? 120, 130. That's a short for a hard coin. Also making money on the way down. Trumpy, I told you. I told you this thing will probably bump. And then, you know, but guys, you have to really be careful.

00:51:39
You cannot see the box, but the box was over here at seven bucks, by the way, guys. I removed it when I got hit. So this is where we bought it. This line was over here. There was a box over here. So listen, guys, this thing is really madness because, you know, you can win a dinner with Trump, whatever, if you own Trump. Don't swear. Please don't swear. Please don't swear. Well, Giga is one of our monsters. So look at this. Look at this. Cody, let's go. Uh, GMI, look at this! I think this just saying when we're just saying Fella just saying Rune, look at Rune, oh Rune, you see when everyone is bearish about Rune, you know. And then you know the biggest Rune, shorter was me and W, and then MW starts buying Room at one buck.

00:52:38
Why? You shorted the crap out of it. Some 30, 40 bucks. Yes. But why would I long it over here? Yeah, long it here. Why not? 40%. So, Fluxy. Look at Fluxy. Look, look, Fluxy. You remember? I don't care. I'm just going to buy it. Flux at these levels, I'm just going to buy it. I don't care. I'm telling you over and over again. I don't care. Fluxy, I'm going to buy it. I don't care. The longer it goes, the more of a boom. It doubles your money. So, you know, guys, you know, where is SPX? I need to do SPX. No, it's, you know, I can go on forever like this, you know. Remember when we, you know, look at this, when we bought SPX. Look at this.

00:53:19
Look at this. 150 percent, you know, you know, I'm not even gonna go go go even more, you know it is what it is, I think that you guys will all have such a so, let me go do some, I want to do some uh Koreans, Koreans, what are Koreans doing? What is Korea doing? Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea, doing what is Korea pumping? Korea, Korea is not pumping by the way; Korea is not pumping. Why the Koreans are not pumping today? Hmm. That's very strange. Let me see one moment. What are the Koreans doing today? Oh, the Koreans are really on Trump. Oh, the Koreans are really interested in joining Trump on a dinner. Keep an eye on Trump, guys. Keep an eye on Trump. Keep an eye on Trump. Where is Trump? Where is Trump? I just had it over here. Trump, Trump. Let me do it like this. Keep an eye on Trump, guys. They are really.

00:54:39
Guys, Koreans are really into Trump. Pop my bags. Pop my bags. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. Seeing these guys, look at this. Look at this. This is Koreans, guys. Koreans, they use my indicator. I sold it to them. No, I didn't sell them. I just, you know, they hide it from me. No, seriously, guys. These are the Koreans, guys. Look at this.

00:55:20
You see now these Koreans can pump this thing to 24 bucks out of nothing just saying just saying so uh let me show you guys another one that the Koreans are uh there's a lot of volume going on on this one I want you guys to check this one you might make some nice money uh where are you oh this one We lost the Indy on the one hour time. This is not, no, no, no, no. This is looking so bad. It's too dangerous, this one. Also lost the Indy on the one hour. But this is also, they're on to this. They're also on Sui and virtual. Koreans are pumping virtual, by the way, guys. It's just that, oh, NEM. Oh, I didn't see NEM. Oh, they also got NEM on it.

00:56:13
Koreans, what are you doing? Oh, yeah. Well, there you go. Oh, Korea. Welcome to Korea. We will pump all altcoins to the moon. That's what South Korea is doing now. They are just pumping everything to the moon. This is Korea. And I know that nobody's talking about it. I've been talking about it for two weeks now. This is Korea. And this is, by the way, also what I explained to you guys. It's, you know, the daily indie. This is a very, very, very nice example of that. Yeah, these coins are the most explosive ones. So they break through the India on the daily. They come back. Now, I explained to you guys this already in the last stream. Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. And then you see this. Bang.

00:57:08
Not always, but a lot of times. So there are Koreans are into NAMM. Also, let me see what they're more on. What are they more doing? Some coin. Oh, Koreans are into bank. Okay. Wait a minute. Koreans into bank. Okay. Bank. Okay. Guys, when you see these meme coins and Koreans, you know, you have to see it like this. When Koreans and meme coins come together, it's just one big gangbang of explosions up, you know? It's it's it's just it's just it's just what it is it's just so look at bank guys Koreans, so oh we you know we shorted so many bunk you know this chart is very old, uh let me let me, I'm just saying.

00:58:07
Koreans are on it, this one is very interesting and you know the next one, this one, uh stp, why is this thing not pumping like crazy? Um stp, uh stp guys, this one, this one, this one, this one, you know, this this is oh look at this also listen guys, this is also what I explained to you guys. Look at this on the daily retest and there she goes. So yeah, so basically am I seeing something interesting? Some new coins because you have to really see these new coins. They might bump the most. Let me see if I'm seeing something interesting for you guys. What is this? I don't know this. What is this CTC? No, I've never heard of this one. What is this CTC? What is this?

00:59:17
We might find something. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What is this? What is CTC? I've never heard of it. Never, never, never heard of it. But, you know, the Koreans are on it. When the Koreans are on it, then we should be on it. So. Hmm oh it's a 320 million market this is oh it's not on Binance ah guys this coin is not on Binance you know what that means so you know they might bump bump it up uh 27 million that's a little bit low but um yeah

01:00:23
What is this? What is this? You know, sometimes guys you know we are in these markets to just make money trading growing shorting the crop out of markets. But you know there are so many outcomes out there. You know every time when you know when I go like read what is this credit coin It's the same story over and over again. You know CreditCoin is a blockchain network designed to facilitate cross-blockchain credit transactions and the building of credit histories. It serves the backbone for a decentralized credit market connecting real-world assets with the digital landscape of Web3. It innovates. You know how many of these craps, you know, it's like we can all just, you know, we can all just copy-paste this, you know.

01:01:19
Because copy-paste any white paper, you just put it on and, you know, we're going to call it Crapcoin. Crapcoin. And then, you know, what is Crapcoin? Crapcoin is a blockchain network designed to facilitate cross-blockchain credit transactions and the building of credit histories. It shows the backbone for the decentralized credit market. You have to see it like that. You have to see it like this. We've got like, you know, let's say McDonald's. I hate McDonald's, by the way. I don't like McDonald's, but let me just tell you. What if there are like, you know, there are like a thousand McDonald's? They all do the same. They all make the same Big Macs, the same whatever. It's madness. What is this? All have. So, you know, at some point, you know, you know, you know.

01:02:11
That's why also, also, you know, I personally love shorting more than longing. And why do I love shorting more than longing? Because the narrative is a lot of bullshit. It's all bullshit. All these altcoins are just bullshit. It's just, you know, it's just a lot of crap. So basically, if you want to do it the safe way and know don't want to bother, what you do is you just, you know, just do whatever it is that you're doing in your life, you know. And, you know, at some point, just wait when MW calls the next stop. That's it. You just wait. Next. Okay. When MW calls the next stop, what you do is just this. You just, you know, okay, I've got, you know, I've got like 200K. I can use the 200K.

01:02:54
Come over here. You put it on those exchanges. Boom, boom, boom. Divide them a little bit on Bitinex, a little bit on Roving. Okay, there we go. Okay. What do we got? I've got this credit coin or whatever. Okay. Start shorting. that's going short short short short short short short short short short short short you got a whole list of shorts and then just forget about it close those close those uh just don't watch them don't look at them just go live your life come back when you know when mw tells oh guys we might flip bullish again on the micro and then you open up that you know open up you open up your account and then you look at it and then okay the 200k is now worth one

01:03:32
point nine million or three million or four million okay okay maybe it's no time to get someone it's just that easy and you know why because it's all these coins it's just it's just a lot of crap because you know if i have some connections with some you know with some teams some vcs Or market makers with some some marketing machine, and you know I've got crap coin, Crap. You know, if I would ever, ever start a meme coin or article, I would call it crap coin because whole crypto is crap. Guys, I know it's maybe not what you guys want me to say. You know, maybe you guys want to hear me say something else. But, you know, I, you know, I, you know. This is just the facts, guy.

01:04:21
It's just what it is. This is crypto. Listen, don't look at how we do things. We just make money, you know, up and down, and whatever the hype and the money flow is going, we just follow them. But if you would go to the fundamentals and to the, what is this actually? What are we buying here? You're buying a lot of crap. So I think that the most bullish coin in the world would be Crapcoin. That's what it's all about. It would be the best meme coin ever. Crap coin, and then in the description, all crypto projects are super overvalued and there are just a lot of crap. And this crap coin meme coin is showing you that crypto is just made to pause some scheme, whatever it is, and to wreck people up and down.

01:05:05
That's what crap coin is all about. I think that everyone in the world will be bullish about crap. Work the crap cone will be the new hype. Crap coin will be the new hatch. Crap coin is gonna make you a lot of money. Crap coin, crap coin, crap coin. I would buy really. I would buy a million bucks of off crap coin, you know why? Not crap coin because there ain't no other project that could be more bullish, you know. You know. Token 49 is coming, I think I'm... you know. I'm just coming. Go there and you know. I thought, okay, give me a little bit of speaking time. I'm launching a new coin. What is it called? Crap coin! Why? So you got all those believers, there you know.

01:05:47
You're talking for all those shells, all those scammers, all those... you know. All of them, all the lowest people, you know, in your life are out there. the biggest monsters the biggest wrecks and everything it's all there that day and then yeah well i'm launching crap coin it's the best ecosystem out there best meme going out there's a real the best it's an nft rwa it's it's a gaming it's framing everything it's all in one but what is it all about they got all those hungry eyes listening to me yeah well this is some new tech yeah what this coin is all about is that you guys all suck and you guys are all chillers scammers or whatever whole cryptos built on wrecking people all over the world and that's what this court is about

01:06:40
That's what this coin is about. It's about you guys. It's about crypto. That's what this coin is about. Crap coin. Does crap coin exist? Let's see if crap coin exists. I don't know. Maybe we need to get this coin. We need to get this coin. We need to get crap coin. No, there is no crap coin. So I see that Salsara joined us. Salsara, I want you to make sure that this domain is ours. Crap coin. We're going to launch crap coin. And, you know, I'm personally going to create liquidity for this crap coin. Crap coin. So it's all about crap coin. I want crap USDT listed on TradingView along all my partners. And I want crap coin. It's all about crap coin. And I will personally explain to them what it's all about.

01:07:26
It's the only way to reach people and to show them what crypto is all about. So, okay, crap coin. So it's not. So it's still, it's still, I don't know. You have to check. But I think that crap coin is still available. Okay, so that was about C2C. Let me go, let me go, let me go. By the way, guys, share your outcomes in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, share your outcomes that you want me to do in the, in the comments, please. I will do, I'll do some outcomes from you guys because I'm, I'm almost done. So we have this, we have this credit going wherever. So I wanted to show you guys something else. Where was it? Where was it? Where was it?

01:08:00
Oh yeah. There was someone asking me about this NK, this one, this one. So they told me, listen, MW, how does it look? How does it look? This is how it looks. See this? Yeah, well, MW, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, MW, well, yeah, well. No, not, I told you this. I told you exactly this, what you're seeing over here. I told you. What? Comes back to the indie. I told you this, and you know. And it's not about me pointing out, this is, since I told you about it, it's up 70% on spot, since I told you about it. But, you know, it's not about this coin. It's about a lot of them, because the big message was not about NCAN.

01:08:50
The message was, guys, you have to keep in mind that the coins that went up, they come down into the Indian and the daily, and those are the coins you have to start trading. But stop buying. That's the bullish case. So, yeah, that's about that. So I'm going to do some, you know, I'm going to do some coins from the live stream. Let me see. I've got some questions or something. What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? CRV, okay. So what do we got? What do we got? Yes, I will ask them. I will ask them. I will ask them. I will check. I will check. I will check today, by the way. I keep, I will check today. So, whatever.

01:09:37
I've seen this Alpaca. I've seen it today. I was eyeing it today. I saw it was on really big volume. But Alpaca, this Alpaca USDT, I saw it was on pretty high volume. It's a finance, also fine. But, you know, you have to be careful here, bro. Let me tell you why you have to be careful. Because I think that you're interested in shorting this. That's what I think. Right? Oh, Kappa. You want to short this. You know, it's. What? What? What? What? What? I saw it. I think I saw it. But this is, in my opinion, not a coin to short. This is the volume, the market is just too low and too dangerous. I don't even know if it's available on exchange, but I would, you know.

01:10:30
I would, if you're interested in this, just trade it on the Indy. Just put the Indy on, you know, here, one hour. See this? Okay, let's go. And then, or you put it on the 50 minutes. Okay, let's go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And now you wait for it. If it closed below, above it, then you, there you go. So I'm not interested in, you know, you cannot, you can, especially guys, you have to keep in mind that we just closed bullish on the markets and, you know, and money is flowing into crypto in big numbers as we speak so you have to be very careful with your shorts. You have to be very careful by not starting to look too much for shorts; I would look for the longs, focus on the longs because you know, I teach you this now for months and I'm teaching you this for months, and you know when it's very simple: look at this how this thing closed.

01:11:24
Look above the indie also in the green. You have to focus on longs. It doesn't matter how you're feeling, bearish, bullish; it doesn't matter. But if this thing, if this thing on Friday closes up over here, even though it's at pretty high resistance, but that's another story, but you have to focus on the longs. Because longs might explode. Boom, boom, boom. You'll see a lot of altcoins. Boom, boom, boom. Koreans, Binance, BTC pairs flipping. You have to focus on the longs. It's not time to focus on shorts. Wait for it. Just wait for it. Wait for it. If the charts will validate and show you that it's time to focus on shorts, that's when we go focus on shorts.

01:12:10
But as long as these guys are not showing us that any shorts are flipping, and especially with me being bullish about crypto, money flowing in, you have to be very careful with those shorts. Be very careful. Focus on the longs. There are so many longs. So many longs are getting created over here. So what are you doing? Focus on the longs. Focus on the money flow. Focus on the top 10 volume coins that are getting on GTC Insider. Focus on those ones. That's how you're going to make a lot of money. That's how you're going to make a lot of money. Let's see, what is this? It's an at-a-glance look at this; we had a nasty what, a nasty chart, these Koreans-they really now you got this, another keep, another volume very high, auto by the way, here we got Arkham, so where is this upbeat look, how upbeat is trading Arkham, what is this?

01:13:14
This isn't this; this is this isn't liquidity that's why the chart is looking like this, you know, look at this, what is this chart, What is this? ARK. Oh, ARK, by the way, ARK. But I want to talk about ARK. ARK is so disappointing. ARK is so disappointing, you know. I feel ARK, you know, ARK really, you know, ARK is really one of those coins that really should make like that 1-200% rise up at the right time. But it's, you know, come on, bro, come on. Make that be why and you know, these Koreans are also so stupid. Why are they not pumping arc? You know, they did it a little bit over here, but you know Meet the pump are much more. Come on Need to pop back.

01:14:08
So what about what about what please? Okay, so what lead what need was well, well, well eat what it are you the owner of? Wall wall wall eat wall Walid, just tell me, please, bro. Is this your coin? Are you just asking me for this coin so you, you know, so you're just shilling your own bag over here, Walid? Is that what you're doing? Walid, tell me. Tell me, Walid. Is this your coin? Is this you trying, is this you trying to, you know, to pump your own bag over here, your own project? One lead is interested in wall Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa. Let me let me see. Well, let me see well, you know, we already we already traded Well, didn't we I think we already traded this?

01:15:08
I'm one lead, one lead, one lead, one lead, my one lead, my brother, my brother, one lead, my brother, one lead, my brother, one lead,

01:15:20
Let's see, Valit, Valit, Valit, Valit, Valit, why, why are you doing this, Valit, why are you doing this, Valit?

01:15:56
I feel like training today. I don't know why. You know, when you get sick and, you know, then, you know, you feel better. Then, you know, you got this energy. Oh, I lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead. Walid, Walid, Walid. Walid, I think this is a good short. Not now. Not now. Wait for it. But I think maybe at the Dutch afternoon. I think, Walid, you are on to something. I think you are on to something, Walid. No problem. I think that Walid is, by the way, guys, Walid is really focused. And Waleed is really focused on trading. And, you know, I think that Waleed will become one of those traders. But, you know, I think you have one, two, three.

01:16:57
I think that if you would want to short this over here, I think it would be a good call. Let me explain to you how you're going to do this. Don't just short it. Just, oh, I want to short. Because, you know, if too many shorts get open, this thing just flies up. You have to understand this. And, you know, I cannot repeat myself enough. So, okay, if that will happen, MW should. Because especially also, it's not a new all-time high. But wait a minute. This wall is very interesting. Very interesting wall. Well, you know what I like. You know what I like. You know what I like. I like this one. I like this one. Premium? Wait a minute. I'm not premium. Let me see. This is the. This is the this is the Binance chart. This is the Binance Binance. So this is the chart from Binance Binance from Binance. How did Janet? I forget how Janet Yellen called Binance. But was it Binance? Binance or Binance? No, Binance. So if Binance, Binance has been. So let me see. Let me see. What do I got over here? What do I got over here? So this is another chart.

01:18:23
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. So, you got this rejection over here. Now, we've got this rejection over here. Yeah. If it gets back into the red zone, it could make you a lot of money. Yes, for sure. So, risk-reward, I would be interested in shorting this. And by the way, if you just don't go, you know, I'm very afraid to say certain things sometimes. You know why? Because, you know, we've got some sick people on the retail fan that own a lot of money. And then, you know, they just open up a huge, huge short. And then, you know, then the bells go off. And then when the bells go off, you know, they will ramp it up.

01:19:08
So it's very hard for me to say things, you know, because if I say things too loudly, some people, oh, let's go. He just puts in like 500k short on Wall Street; it's you know I have to bury cap so the only thing I can do is I can show you, okay? Well, this is looking good guys, it's looking good, so if this thing comes back so uh this was the white shirt by the way, so if it comes back so that's what it is. So uh, uh, what do we got more, okay? We got Always; oh, so what did Always do? Actually after the last time that we talked about it, what did Always do? What did Always do with it? It's the key coin charts. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay.

01:19:52
Oh, it's nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. When did we talk about? When was it? It was like, you know, you've got this also this token 49 coming up, you know, the Solana gang will start shilling, whatever it is, the show. So it's like 60% up, but you know, it's dead. it isn't it ain't that special because most of the coins did much better than that and by the way guys you have to also keep in mind so when you see this altcoin romping up when you see these altcoins romping up by the way guys you have to you have to keep in mind that you know this happened because it's not about your altcoins look at this guys so basically you need to understand that from the moment that we bought in over here

01:20:46
Look at this boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom So this is also by the way about layer Because layer has also doing similar things because if you would go to for layer for the layer get 7 April 7th of April do I got a layer chart over here? Yes, yeah, oh no, this is from okey except Let me use let me use let me use this. Let me let me use oh it's still going there so let me use let me use let me use this one so 7th of April this was 7th of April so over here so it was layer was just going over whatever and actually from the moment that we bought in this is when layer started pumping look at this so it's basically it's just it's just following bitcoin so it's following what bitcoin is doing it's it's like the bots are just following the bitcoin moves That's what you're seeing over here.

01:21:48
This is basically what you're seeing over here. Oh, we broke above this level by the way. So this is basically what you're seeing over here. So this is layer is just doing what Bitcoin is doing. And if you watch this one you would connect Bitcoin to Layer. This is not the time to be afraid. This is the time to you know to start you know Well how's Leia doing right away? Leia Leia Leia Leia Leia. How is Leia doing? Okay so it's heading into the three bucks. All right, that's nice. So Leia is just doing, actually also just following this thing. What do we got more? What do we got more? Atom. Yes, that's a good one. That's the last one, by the way, guys. Now I'm going to close it up because I've got some other things to do. Atom, Atom, Atom. Atom over here.

01:22:51
You know, what I'm seeing an atom is that you know the sellers are exhausted over here so there aren't a lot of sellers anymore at these levels. It didn't hit my zone by the way, didn't get filled on it but it's also you know I think that Autumn meets a little bit of marketing and I don't know what the team is doing but Autumn is yeah it's there's no volume there's not much big power over here because these moves I think these are just bots doing whatever it is they're doing so this is uh yeah this is just bots doing whatever this they're doing and uh yeah I think that Atom atom needs a little bit of momentum and I didn't get filled on it so that sucks also I didn't get filled on Autumn, that sucks.

01:23:37
See missed it, missed it, I missed I missed the three bucks because I've got an order 3. 1 I think you know and over here 3. Why, why, why, why, okay guys so for the I would I would really focus on loans today uh do as explained and you know just trade the indie and I think that we can get some a lot more bullish momentum today for a lot of altcoins so just focus on those loans and uh by tomorrow to Sunday afternoon that's why you have to be careful take your profits secure, secure your profit, take profit and secure profits the same way, by the way. So that's what you got to do and then let's see how Monday is going to work out because for now it's very simple guys we uh although these freaking uh wheels on the weekly but oh by the way I want to show you this on the weekly because we We retested over here on the weekly one, two.

01:24:35
So we're now going for number three. So if number three is going to work out on the weekly, oh, that could give crypto even more bullish momentum, just like I told you on Monday. So that's something. But on the daily, over here on the daily, we also closed above the indie again. And let me show you guys the VIX while we're at it. The VIX, you know, these, you know. Look at this. Look at this. The Beverly Hills game. The Beverly Hills Gang, guys, look at them. Look at them. Look what they do. These guys, they make so much money. It's really mind-blowing. Look at this. They make millions, if not billions, over here. They make millions, if not billions, over here.

01:25:22
They made millions of bills over here and over here and over here and over here, you know, you know. If every time when this VIX goes uh to the 50 range or 70 range, it's basically free money for them; it's secure money, and they just make really billions on it because the VIX cannot even hold uh two three days over there. Every time when it goes up, it dumps down. You have to see it like this: someone is in a big butt, and he's trying to climb out of it, like Batman. You know, Batman begins when he wants to climb out of it. And every time he climbs, and then boom down. He climbs, and then boom down. He climbs, and then boom down. It's the same. This VIX.

01:26:09
Every time up, boom down. So they just short the crap out of this every freaking time again. And they're making millions. Is Trump going to stop them? I don't think so. Is there anyone else in the world that can stop this these guys? I don't think so, the pressure is just too big, look at this, look at this, look at this, but while we're eyeing this, look where we're heading, we're heading back into you know where, we spend a lot of time and when things will get a little bit more dangerous for the bulls, so we're heading into there, so I think that this comes beautifully together with If you want to connect the dots, this comes beautifully together with this one. So even if you would break, so we've got like this, you know, what is it?

01:26:56
We've got like this, you know, the 60 to 100 points up. And then, oh, what I'm saying is more, is more and W. Yeah, 60 will take it to 600. Yes. So 60 to, yeah, 60 to 100, 120. So in the most, most, most, most bullish case. We might hit the 800, but this is really most most bullish case in my opinion; I could be totally wrong and how many times do I get it wrong? So, the first level is where we are now, let's see how this one if they might if they can push it up then you know uh 666, 76, 80, this is the level to watch so we still got a lot a little bit of space to rise even more guys, so uh for the boost this is looking super good uh, so yeah that's what I'm telling you; focus please focus please focus focus focus focus on focus on the focus on the on the altcoins use the freaking indicator focus on the altcoins and focus on the longs especially dogs. Thanks for watching have a nice one and bye.
*** Live Stream 04-26-2025 Altcoins PUMPING !! *** 

00:05:17
Welcome, welcome. I've been talking to myself for 10 minutes again. Thank you so much. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself. You guys can hear me now, right?

00:05:39
I've been talking to myself. I'm not going to swear. I'm not going to swear. I'm not gonna swear, I'm not gonna swear, I'm not, I swear, just not gonna happen, it's okay. Welcome, welcome guys, uh, there was a post on GTC Insider and, uh, if it would reach 100 comments, we would do a surprise. So this is the surprise slides. We're going to talk about some altcoins, we're going to talk about some articles and movements and you know a little bit of education also mostly the other case because it surprises me every time again and again that I get some questions from RetoFam members, and I think to myself, oh, wait a minute, they don't understand that? They don't know that? It's very strange to me a lot of times.

00:06:22
But, you know, this is just my thing. It's not your problem. It's not your fault. It's my fault. Because a lot of times, you know, I just assume that you guys already know that. And that's not true. Those are not the facts. So that's why I'm also very, very excited about the beginners course. Uh, when I'm gonna take things to a high level from step one and I just know that from the beginning on, that you just know stuff about crypto so you know when to take a short one to not take a short one, to take a long not to take long, if you take a long how to do it or what; that's why that's so super, super important that beginner's course is so important, also the high-volume traders.

00:07:00
Uh, thing that is going to run and you know uh today I'm you know yesterday I was sick, today I'm feeling better, so I'm all day at office today, so I'm just free; And I've been tweeting a lot, showing a lot, doing a lot, whatever. So, you all saw the drama with Layer and whatever is going on. But it's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. So welcome, welcome all. Well, I'm very happy to do this live stream. I suggest you focus a little bit because we're going to talk about some altcoins today also. But honey, snack, dog, Naira, Naira, ETH, Layer. So we're going to talk a little bit about those. And I think that you should focus. You should focus because there's a lot going on.

00:07:39
Also, also, um, uh, by the way, no music today, guys. This is the second stream, so it's a surprise team, so I just want you guys, it's all a lot of alpha will be shared today, also, also, also, I wanted to say why did I want to say that so much? You know my hand is like you know I've got like a million things in my head, you know, and during those million things, you know, uh, I have to have to focus. What was it, yeah? So um, yeah, so basically there was also one guy on Twitter who told me, oh well, I didn't catch this thing, but you know, I was already like several times liquidated, so first of all, I don't know who that guy is; I've never seen him before.

00:08:20
So uh, if you are liquid at several times, you're doing exactly the opposite of what I teach, so if you would just watch Leverage Trading Course Vid One, you wouldn't be liquidated if you would have watched Leverage Trading. Course four, you would definitely not be liquidated so um, I cannot help people that either they don't know how to leverage trade or they're too greedy going in and oversizing themselves. These are the two things. I cannot help you with those. If you don't do things just like I tell you to do them, I can't help you. And it sucks. I really feel for you if you're liquidated. But if you're liquidated, maybe it's time that you stop whatever it is that you're doing. And you start educating yourself, I'm giving you guys everything you need to know.

00:09:06
Leverage trading if you just do it the way I'm showing you to do it, you should be fine, and maybe not even fine, you should be making a lot of money also, so that's you know it is what it is. It is you know I cannot change something, you know I cannot help anyone, especially that's why I keep repeating myself on Twitter. Also, listen just listen, listen just listen, and you have to also understand that most of the things that I do, I get macro analyzes, you know we analyze all the marks, connect the dots, do a lot of things, but this is especially in the weekends; it's all about those altcoins ramping up, down, boom, boom! A lot of tweets gonna happen, that's also something I do, so it's it's you know, You're getting you know.

00:09:47
Getting a lot of everything from here. So you're getting the financial markets. You're getting the thoughts, the bullish sentiment, the bearish sentiment, et cetera, et cetera. So it's really mind-blowing. And also, especially, you see a lot of coins popping up like crazy. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. In the morning, I already said it. You have to focus on the loans. Use the damn indicator. Just focus on the loans. Focus on the loans. So thank you very much. Thanks for the 100 comments on GDC Insider account. That's the result that I'm now here with you guys for the surprise and I'm gonna share with you guys some real alpha today so you're gonna learn a lot, so just focus and I'm gonna give you just it's just like real-life trading how it's working what's going on.

00:10:30
So basically what I did was, you know I've been tweeting a lot about this layer so these layers are these market makers and you know I actually, you know I'm like attacking these market makes but it's not only the fault of the market makes also the fault of certain leader fund members that went in too heavy. And I said it a lot of times, guys, just don't, don't, don't go heavy on coins like Layer or whatever. Go heavy on Ethereum, Solana, Bitcoin, Cardano, Ethereum, etc. The big caps, go there, go heavy, go heavy. And you also get a better chance to make a lot of money because you, if you trade on high, will buy a lot of money. By the way, don't think that your 5K or 10K or 20K is a lot of money.

00:11:12
By a lot of money, I mean like. People go in with like 500K on a 20X. That's 10 million. That's heavy. And believe it or not, there are some retail firm members that do that. They're crazy, but they do that. So that could impact also a little bit of price action. So just don't do that. And that's also the main reason why I'm going to go opening up this, you know. This high-volume, uh, traders' group to navigate with them and we gotta trade a lot of bitcoin, Ethereum; a lot of uh, TRC; so we gotta like it's like the top 10, the top 10, uh, the top 10, so, bitcoin, top 10 altcoins in volume, uh, in market cap, XRP, etc so we're gonna, we're gonna trade those in the high volume and you know the high-volume traders; that's how you make the most money

00:12:11
because that way we're just trading directly with real alpha, we don't, you know, we don't get manipulated by these market makers, you know, based on the amount of money that you're putting in, so let's see, by the way, guys, it's already almost starting, so DM me please, uh, if you want to join that group, so, uh, let's see, so how is it gonna work? So we're going to talk first of all about lay, so layer has been you know, I understand; I understand there's there's one part that I do understand, there's another part I teach you guys and I use Layer how to chase straight in trading course video what I know, I i i showed you that, okay, whatever.

00:12:51
But even though if if if you if you if you if you if you watch that and you're doing exactly as I told you, you got to feel a little bit of pain; I don't feel pain because I'm used to do this, I do this for a living, so for me it's you know, for me it's now I'm cashing so every every everything is seeing away from over here is for me money. Uh let's say on average. Because, uh, we have this trade on several exchanges by the way. But on average, I think the entry will be around here somewhere, that's how we have been building it from here so let me, let me make it another color for example, let me make it green, uh, that's not a nice green, let me use this green, yes, so this is this is around the average entry because now it's just cash and guys, uh,

00:13:37
I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna you know, I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna say just this is a lot of money, this is a lot of money, this is really, really a lot of money, uh, because why, because they forced us to put in that money, it wasn't us, it wasn't the team that was willing to put in That money the market makers wanted us to put in that. And by the way, for the ones that are focusing when I'm posting things. So first of all, this three bucks, I pointed it already out in the morning on a 15-minute chart that you had to close. And basically the team, what they did is also around these ranges when they flipped the ALK trade.

00:14:19
And they did it again with another coin where I told you about, but that was over here. Over here, they flipped it into the other coin. And by the way, also shout out to Salswa, because I was talking to her. She told me, oh, MW, that four-hour candle is going to close. So super, super bearish. I told her, yes, it is. But it's about time. It's about time. It's about time. But, you know, it's also something else, you know. You guys, you know, you just don't believe. I'm not talking about you guys personally, but people just don't believe. You know, if I show you how to not get liquidated, if I show you. How

00:14:58
to get to the top of your entry if I show you how to go in and out if I show you all of these things there's only one outcome and that is that you're gonna win you're gonna make money no matter what these freaks are doing there because let me show you this for the ones that weren't because I share this also in the in the live stream uh in the morning even if you were not in layer okay so just let's just say you are not in layer you're not a layer okay I explained this in the morning already by the way. You can watch it back. I told you, look at this, look at this. So, this is when we broke up. Okay. And then you had Pan, Pan, Pan.

00:15:36
Let me come over here. So, Pan, Pan, Pan. This was the first Canton Bar. So, this was your entry, this one over here. You should be making sick money over here also. If you would just freaking listen. Just freaking listen. That's freaking missing also put it on the five minute because you know if you already know so you're not in it So, for example, you know, I'll be money's one of those one of those guys, you know, he's never in any trade He never does whatever I don't know what the guy does, but he when he's okay and W is hunting this coin So there is a reason for him that he's hunting this going at least at the five minute go in over here You know And as long as it's above it, just stay out.

00:16:23
So this is the Alpiman style Oh, it's up, it's up, I'm not going to go in. Okay, fine, just don't go in. Stay out of it. You're not chasing trading it, so why? Listen, guys, if you are in this trade, in this short, it's only for chase trade. Because if it's not a Chase trade, you shouldn't be in. Or at least if you're in, you should be in a long. So if this thing goes up, boom, you should be in a long. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. That's what should and over here is why you're shorting it, you're shorting it, you're shorting it, that's

00:16:55
the MW trading style so only for Chase trading you should be in this trade I'm just saying but you know it sucks it sucks but let me just say this guys I'm just I know that you know people when they see this thing let me show you guys by the way look at this this thing has been ramping up pretty aggressively. So even for a Chase trade, although we are in profits, but even for a Chase trade for, you know, an uneducated retailer, this is pretty heavy. But then again, pretty heavy. This thing didn't even double down. Sometimes, you know, people get into a short and it makes like a 2, 3, 4x in a matter of 2, 3 days. We don't choose those coins to chase trade them, but I'm just saying. So this thing didn't even double up. People think it might feel, because you are in the trade, it might feel as if it's ramping up so aggressively. But it isn't, in reality. Because it didn't even double up. And it's already dumping.

00:18:04
That's why I'm telling you guys. I'm always telling you guys. Listen. Listen. It's not about the P&Ls. It's not about the gains. Forget about the gains. Forget about the P&Ls. You have to invest in the knowledge. Because if you own the knowledge, you own everything. It's all about the knowledge. If you own the knowledge, you own everything. Because you can make money your own today, tomorrow, next year, in three months, four months. You just have to know how to do it. That's the important part that you need now. So for layer by the way guys, we didn't retest the daily candle in a very long time so If you if you would ask me what What is the next support level we got the full hour by the way, but it's looking super weak So the four hours over here.

00:18:59
Let's see how it's gonna close over here. You see we're trying to hold it, but we got just open so Be very careful still holding the for our indicator. Don't think that this thing just dumps down like a rock! It could be by the way, it should also dump like a rock, but that's just not how it works in trading. So you have to keep this in mind: that if it's gonna hold this for our it could ramp up again. And for let me just say for the team, of course, we never turns into red. That will load up very strong very fast also if they want to wrap this up again. It's that simple. You know? Okay. This thing, for sure, you take some profits. You follow it up.

00:19:42
They want to pump it up. Great. They're going to load up very big. Again. And again. Maybe they even want to make a double top. You see this? Maybe this is the double top. Maybe they want to make another high. No problem. No problema. No problema. The team is ready for any outcome over here. You want to dump it down? Fine. They're loaded. You want to Bounce it up strong; they gotta load it up, whatever you do, you want to make a new high; they gotta load it up. At least what you should do now is if you are any profits, secure profits. I'm not saying take profits, secure profits, and if you want to take profits, take uh, take like 10, 20, 30 percent, whatever it is that you like.

00:20:23
And you know, if you're in profits and you think to yourself, 'You know what, I'm done with this layer; I don't want to... You know, I'm just done because this is the feeling that these market makers give a lot of people in altcoins because the biggest wins, the biggest gains that you can make. What they do is they exhaust you. It's exactly just like, I think it's Blockchain Boy, I don't know what his name was, but he sent that GIF on Twitter like, 'You know, I'm tired.' But you know why you're tired. I will tell you why you're tired. You're tired because you oversize yourself. You're tired because you only focus on layer. You're tired because that's not what I teach you.

00:20:59
I told you just use a small amount of money or like 20% of your trading portfolio and, you know, forget about it. Just forget about it. Is it that hard? Just forget about it. Just put it in. You know, when it comes down, you take some profits. And when it goes up, you start loading up again. And just forget about it. Just trade like Course 4. 0 style. Forget about it until some morning you wake up. Oh, honey, wake up. What's going on, Max? What do you want? We're going on vacation. Yes, we're going to join MW in Dubai. We're going to take like one week and do whatever it is with these games. That's what's going to happen. Just have to listen. Don't give it too much.

00:21:41
You know, you guys, this is the feeling that I get. Like the guy, I'm just tired. I'm tired. Why are you tired? What's making you tired? Just forget about it. See it as an investment. Just throw some money on it, just like I've been doing in all those. Ponzi coins pass here and you know all those two thousand, three thousand, four thousand peanuts you have to believe if you don't believe, yeah, that cannot help you. You have to believe. You have to believe. Okay, so enough about that, that's about later by the way, guys. So let me go to this one: what is this honey? I was just talking about honey, honey! What is honey, by the way, guys? Look at this, look at honey, look at honey, look at this, it was a great show, yeah!

00:22:27
Did you see honey? What is honey? Let me see what honey is honey, guys? And someone tell me what honey is. What is honey honey, honey, honey? No, no, no, no, no, honey! Honey, hey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey! Is this honey? What is it at 37 cents? I cannot... Oh, this one. Oh, this is hive. What is this hive mapper? Hive mapper. Hive mapper. I already have no clue what this is. Either way, it's pumping like crazy. And it's now, you know, only this retrace could make you really rich. But you see these coins are ramping up, you know. Ramping up, you know, it's beautiful. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, up. And, you know, a lot of coins will do this. So keep an eye on this, honey.

00:23:19
Use the indicator. Make money. Snack. Okay, you know. This is basically the confirmation that I've getting, you know, or what I've been teaching and telling you guys past weeks. Meme coins are ruling the crypto markets. And what are we seeing today? The meme coins, the syndicate is all on it again. So you got this. You can get something like this. So, you know, you get all these meme coins going down and then, you know, they start romping them up again. Am I interested in SNAK? No, definitely not. Is SNAK a good short over here? It might. maybe it is maybe it is maybe it is maybe it is because this is looking i got one touch two three touch four touch now this might this might this might run down maybe let's see is the team in this in this crap i don't know let's see if the team is in it is the team in it yes or no yes or no

00:24:22
team in this coin boom boom boom snack they call it snack snack this is this is how this is how bad this is we're trading coins that are called snack pack rack oh by the way crap coin crap coin crap coin crap coin crap coin okay i'm going to update you later about crap going crap going crap going crap and what do i have what do i have over here what is it called snack snack snack snack snacky snack how's snack doing snack doing good or not i was snacky doing snacks next next next next snack are they are they shorting the crap out of this one yes or no i really don't know are they shorting the crap out of snack They are not shorting it on Blofin.

00:25:18
They are not shorting it on Blofin because it's not listed on Blofin. Let me see. Are they shorting this one or not? Do they have the balls to short this or don't they? I don't know. I don't know. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I think on Weeks. Let me check on Weeks. Hmm. Hmm. They have a small position. Indeed. I thought so. I thought so. I thought so. Okay. So. It's like, let's see, let's see if this thing breaks out, it's super bullish by the way, guys, so this thing if it breaks out, uh, this is super bullish, so be very careful at resistance now, but hey, dog, look at this same story, guys, look at this, all these meme coins, you know, we got with, I saw that with also bounced up very strong, dark, dark, dark it was dark dark dark to the moon, okay, whatever, keep an eye on it, then we got this Nairo, look at this.

00:26:19
Oh, you know, when I see these charts, you know, it's so funny to see these charts. Look at this. Welcome to crypto. Welcome to crypto. Yes, MW. Yes, yes, yes, MW. It's good that I found you. Why? Why is it so good that you found you? Because I went into Naira over here. What? Yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Yes, yes, Mr. But how? How did you manage to do that, my mama? My brother. Yes, this is actually when I saw them shilling Nairo and I thought, okay, this thing is going to the moon, so I bought it. Okay, so Mr. Wheelkiller, so now it's moving a little bit. I'm still 85% down. Do you think that I can get to break even?

00:27:09
So, I was also eyeing this. This one is more interesting, by the way, for a possible short. Yes, for a possible short. So, I think that this one is more interesting for a possible short. It's the Nairo E thing. So, let's see. Let's see. I think that this could be one of those for the Sunday afternoons, you know? This is one of those for the Sunday afternoons. So, this is just if you're interested in shorting. Just saying. So, if you're interested in shorting. And this could be one of those that you can, you know, you can show the crap out of, okay? So let me go to this alpaca, oh, oh, alpaca! Hello, so this is a little bit of education over here, guys, because this is very important for you guys to understand.

00:27:55
So, this alpaca, alpaca, this thing was going to get delisted from Binance and it's not only Binance, I think more exchanges are going to do this. It's well, I think this was around over here with the news. So, this is basically really the news traders. So, okay. Alpaca is going to get delisted in a couple of days. I think it's the 29th or 30th of April. So, it's like two, three days. Yeah. Well, before they're going to delist it, let's show the crap out of it. Yes. No, no, no, no. You don't do that. Never do that. Guys, you have to, you know, you know, guys, I, you know, I want you guys, all of you guys, I want you to understand this.

00:28:44
I want everyone that is watching this with close your eyes because I'm not going to do anything on the job. I want you to close your eyes and to listen. Close your eyes. Okay. Breathe in from your nose. Breathe out from your mouth. A little bit of yoga. Because, why, I'm saying this, because I want you. While I'm gonna speak to you now, I want you that your brains are at their best and your memories so vivid. Why are you doing this now? Close your eyes, don't oh I want you only to listen in crypto. It's not about the news, it's not about the fundamentals, it's not about the hype, it's not about anything. At the end of the road, it's all about longs versus shorts and shorts versus longs.

00:29:42
That's what it's all about. Anything else is just extra. It's only about longs versus shorts, shorts versus longs. That's how market makers make money in crypto. That's it. That's it. That's it. There's nothing else. That's it. So, you can open up your eyes again. So, if over here shorts get opened, really shorts, based on the news, because this thing, if you just look at this thing, this thing is at a bottom. You know? So, what did MW teach you? We never short bottoms. It's that simple; it doesn't matter what the news is if they're telling you that it's going to get delisted, it's going to die, they're going to close it. It doesn't matter; we never ever ever short bottoms, that's it. And we definitely never ever ever short all-time lows, never.

00:30:59
And why am I saying this? Because you see over here, this thing made... what is this? Almost 10x more. This is almost, I think, what is this? 13x, 14x, what is this? Almost a 12x. Because even the MW style. Okay, the alarms are going off. So even, even, even, even the MW style will get you liquidated. Even the MW will get you liquidated over here. So, mister, I don't remember his name; if you'll tell me, I was liquidated two three times if I would tell you. To short all car all pack, cacao, whatever over here, then I would agree with you though. Yes. Okay, well I'm not going to swear. I'm not going to swear. Okay, I freaked it up.

00:31:50
Okay, that's a bad call, MW That's not what I do, and even because I educated you guys this way. Even if you would see me on Twitter telling you, listen, guys, I'm going to short this one. And you check the chart, and you'll see the ultimate. Okay, just know that I'm hacked. Just know my X account has been hacked. Just know it. Because you guys know I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever short about it. Never, ever. And especially not a low cap on a D-list thing or with news or whatever. So basically, so if you want to short this, if you're interested, because I was talking with Trevor Levin about this. If you want to show this, do it in and out.

00:32:28
So, for example, you go in, boom, and then you make like, I don't know, based on your portfolio, 200 bucks, 500 bucks, 600, 1,000 bucks, go out, in, out, in, out. Or when you are greedy, you feel the greed, you think, no, but I think it's going to zero, and I think it's going much lower because I'm going to make a lot of money. No problem. Just leave there 10% to 20%. You already took the profits. You took your money. Not 10%, 10%, 20%. Small amount, let it in. My advice is if you're going to short this, short it with a low amount also. Low, low amount. Don't go heavy on this one because if too many shorts will get created on this one, they will probably pump it even more.

00:33:07
Because this is what I'm trying to explain. It's all about longs versus shorts and shorts versus longs. That's what it's all about in trading. You have to understand the game. So that's about Alka, Palka, whatever, whatever. Alka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Taka, Taka, whatever. So that's about that. So these are the coins I want to talk about. So for me, that's about it. This was the surprise live stream. I'm going to do like two, three questions if I have them in the chat. And then we're going to close it down, guys, because you have to forgive me. I'm like all day at office now and, you know, I haven't even eaten today. So, you know, I haven't had anything today. You know, I'm a little bit hungry. So let me eat.

00:33:55
I entered late at 0:17. It had a 10x volume market cap on CMC. What corner are you talking about? MW first ASMR. Obluda. Obluda is interested in this point. Okay. Why not? Why not a blue diet your day-to-day? Why not a SMI? There is no ASMR oh, yeah, so Oh Luna, I'm sorry, bro ASMR is not available. I cannot find it away. Oh, it's not a coin. What is ASMR? I don't know what you mean by the first ASMR. What is ASMR? So all people are liking this. Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Alpiman is liking this, guys. Alpiman is liking this, guys. Look at Alpiman. Alpiman is liking it. Welcome, Alpiman. Alpiman is liking it. What is ASMR? ASMR content.

00:34:54
I really have no clue what ASMR is. So, what do you got? Honey is a barrel chain coin. Okay, well, that's even worse. Let's see. Snack is the snake on Cardano. Oh, it's a Cardano meme coin. Okay, nice, nice. I think that Cardano will gain a lot of traction on the move up. What do we got? HiveMapper is great. It's a real product. They collect map data and sell it to customers. Okay, so that's HiveMapper. HiveMapper, which one was that? It's Honey, yes. So Honey, this is a solid coin in your opinion. Okay, well. Even though it's, you know, I don't know, you know, I don't care what they're doing. I'm not buying this crap over here, you know.

00:35:50
So if the fundamentals are really good, wait for a possible double bottom or a good retrace on support over here, and then go up. So very well compared by a team who works development of maps. Okay, so great. What is man? I couldn't chase trade in either because some bullshit limits so I stuck with two point I couldn't defend my position on the way up, but El Coco Guys, I keep repeating myself You have to own two exchanges and I'm gonna add for you the third you can use weeks by the way if you Want to use your weeks, but the third exchange is coming you have to especially because we trade a lot of these

00:36:32
a shit coins it's important that you guys have access to to to to blowfin and btnx you have to have both just open up account on both you can there's a link below or in my bio on the link tree just open up both and you can flip your money how if you flip your money from btnx to blowfin on on bab20 it's on your account the money if it's on your account in like two minutes so it's that easy just flipping money over there to there it only costs you like 50 cents, you know? So it's, it's, you have to, you have to really, so when they, when they, you know, why do you think the team trades on B2NX and on Blovin and also on weeks later, they trade a little bit.

00:37:14
So it's, it's just to, you know, if they can't, if they limit you to move on B2NX, you're going to do it on Blovin. If they limit you on Blovin, you're going to do it on B2NX and so on and so on. And the third one is coming at the end, I closed the profit, but I was in a 250% at some point. Basically, what you did alcohol is for you and so it wasn't big profits, but you you gained the knowledge, and in my opinion, that's even more important than uh um so we got we got we got over here so we got we got. I keep it amazes me to see how prices bounce off the indicator, it's mind-blowing, but listen, it's only mind-blowing, mind-blowing to those that don't know.

00:37:56
I think that the retail fan who has been using it for a very long time knows already and and I keep this will get only better and better and better, the more you're going to use it, the more you're going to see that at some point, it's just it's just, you have to you have to experiment with more use it more so you're so right. We still have a lot to learn. Thanks so much for these streams, yes I try every time when you know when I when I see something I try to you know I try to educate you on daily, every time I think, okay, I need to educate him about this, I do it. Okay, so basically Alpi might close before sleep. He lost 5%. Nothing new, guys.

00:38:41
I don't know Alpi. Oh Floriano. This guy, he just came in and he said I was liquidated several times. I don't know the guy. I've never seen him. I really don't know who he is. So, okay, so basically, what do I have? What do I have? What do I have? I'm going to close it up. Yes, I do think that we get re-tracers to the, yes, for sure. I think that we get re-tracers back. Yes, it's going to be, you know, I already said this, like, I think, two weeks, three weeks ago. It's going to be ups and downs, ups and downs, ups and downs. So, LP, it's going to be ups and downs. Don't feel greedy.

00:39:20
And if you feel greed for trading, just use the indicator under 15 minutes and just go trade go to the volume coins just like layer for example up you're going up down you're going down with it so that's just that simple but for really buying for for really for weekly basis on daily basis on you know that's no no no just wait for it wait wait wait oh you haven't used or you haven't you i keep you haven't used it yet oh well that sucks yeah salsa salsa to blame because i blame salsa i love you thanks for watching enjoy it have a nice one nice weekend and bye.
*** Live Stream 04-29-2025 What #Altcoins are ready to Trade Today *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome, MWM. Welcome again to Encrypto. Welcome, Rital Familia. Familia do Crypto. Welcome, welcome, welcome. So, you know, it's very strange, you know, when I don't do a stream like one day, it feels like I miss you guys for eternity. So, and I think it's the same. I think it's the same. You know, maybe I should just do these live streams every freaking day. Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? You know. It just feels, oh, oh, something happened to my ear. Oh, what's going on? Oh, welcome Rico Familia. It's so strange. It's just when I did two live streams on Sunday. Today, I think it's Tuesday. No, it's Monday. Saturday I did. Saturday, two streams. And then just one day, you know, I already miss you guys.

00:00:50
So, oh, you know, that's the thing with, you know, that's the thing with. That's the thing with crypto, it goes so fast, it never sleeps, it always goes on, and you know it is what it is, so uh, let me first of all start, we got over here, we got Janice, the first one, nice bro, welcome living the dream, let's go, uh, welcoming the house, yes, you know the will it will kill her, you know there are so many scammy welcomes, I'm gonna talk about those scammers in a moment, so we got this, is Bob, we got Crypto Fiora, we got Helena, Helena just released a new creation, so shout out, shout out guys, to Helena, give her some love, guys, give him some love, so uh, good afternoon retail familia, GF bless is in the house, we got Scott, oh Scotty's over here, so we got Travel 11, uh, we got Aqib, we got Alpiman, I drunk Alpiman,

00:01:50
but it is Aqib, He made a cup of tea, so we got Supark, Muhammad Ali, Mark Collette is in the house, guys, Mark Collette, shout out to Mark, shout out to Mark, guys, you have to love Mark, you have to love Mark, love, Mark is really a special person, He's really a special person, trust me when I say so, Mark is a really big special, it's a beautiful. I love to meet all these people in the world. They just. They got their hearts at the right place. Spaceman. We got Paul. We got Craig. We got Top Doc. Oh, Top Doc. Top Doc. Top Doc in the house. Top Doc. Top Doc. We got Walid. We got Flakes. We got Antz. We got John Doe. We got Ellen. So, Travel is in the house.

00:02:36
Yash. We got Avalina. The Doc is in the house. We got Elpink. We got KPNs. We got Ziggy. Ifran for Jerry. Let's see. We got Deathbrick. We got Flakes. What do we got? We got Righteous. We got Jen, Rodan, Sousa. It's great, great to see you guys all over here. So, yeah, let's do some music today. No, no music. There's just no time for music. No music today. Sorry, guys. Sonia Schmidt, hello, hello. So first of all, guys, I want you guys to be very careful with these scammers. You know, these scammers, you have to see it like this. You have to understand how these scammers operate first. That's the first thing. So how scammers operate is this. They act as if they are a retail firm member. That's just what they do.

00:03:33
They're like comedians. They come into the community and they start chatting with people. They start DMing people. They start, you know, they're building, building trust. So while they're building trust, what they do is they watch my live streams, every freaking, all my tweets, all my live streams. They're maybe even here listening now. You freaking skimmers, skimmers. So, what they do is they listen very good to what I say and, you know, what I want to do. So, and then what they do is they start contacting. With the firm members, they start contacting them and they start talking about stuff that I've been talking for example, let me just give you an example. Like you know, I'm planning on doing this this high volume uh trading group guys as long as I didn't announce anything official on my official you know it's very simple: the official accounts are on my link tree so anything else is a scam, everything else comes to me, I've got you know I've got a molecular and there is GTC Insider.

00:04:29
Those two, they're on the link tree. And then you got my Telegram account, it's in my link tree. So it's very simple: everything else is a scam. Just don't trust them. Even what they do is they use AI and whatever to act as if it's me. They can even make my voice, the way of writing, et cetera, et cetera. That's what they do. They hunt you down. And unfortunately, some retail firm members have been scammed. And, you know, they all say MW, we know it's just, you know, they're even ashamed to say so. Don't be ashamed if you're scammed. Don't be ashamed. But you have to tell me so I can keep warning people because I just don't get it. What is, you know, I'm going to put it in my bio very soon.

00:05:20
I will never, ever, ever, ever DM you first. So when you like hear me say like, you know. I'm gonna open up a big, big, big trading well, it's very simple. Uh, when I announce it, you are the one going to DM me and when you DM me, I'm gonna respond to you, you know? Or, or the GTC Insider account they will. So that's number one so this way you can never be scammed because you are dming me, you're not you're not dming some scammer. So that's number one. Number two is and this is the the trap people keep falling in and that's these scammers, you know? They come with a big story like this and we're gonna do that or whatever all that all that crap and then they're gonna feed you greed.

00:06:05
I don't feed greed so first of all when someone feeds you greed when someone tells you, listen, we gotta find you send us some money and we'll make those trades for you, you're gonna get rich. That's greed. They're feeding greed. I don't feed greed. I will never, ever tell you that you're going to get rich. I'm never going to tell you that, you know, 100% win. Never. I'm never going to tell you because everything you have to do, you have to do it yourself. I will never, ever, ever ask you to send me money. Never, ever to invest or to trade. I will never do that. So when someone asks you for money, all the alarm bells in your head should go off. Oh, wait a minute.

00:06:44
Even if it's really me, even if it's my account, I could get hacked. If anyone asks you, okay, send us money, it's a scam. It's a scam. I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever ask you for money to invest. If you have to pay something, it's in the link tree. We've got forms, official sites. That's how you get there. I will never ask you for money. So please, little fam, please, please, please, please, please, you know, because every freaking time when I see that one of my little fam members, they get scammed, it makes me so, so sad. You know, it makes me really, really sad. And please, guys, please, guys, just please, don't let them fool you with their greed. Don't let them fool you with their bull. It's very simple.

00:07:36
I've got my account. It's a verified account. I've got the business account. It's inside. It's a verified account. These are two. And we've got my link tree. Every account of us is our link tree. Anything else is a scam. You know, if someone contacts you with some whatever account out there, and you go to my link tree, and then you click on my account. Oh, that's not you. Telegram. Oh, that's not you. So it's a scammer. Doesn't matter what he's going to say. He's a scam. He's just a freaking scammer. So this is flakes. I love this one. This is flakes. Exactly it. So treat everything a scam until proven otherwise. That's it. So you knew that one. So anything you see is a scam. Okay. Okay. Guys, I have to go to go.

00:08:25
I have to go on because, because listen, guys, these scammers could be here with you. And maybe a lot of you guys don't understand why I'm very strict when I see that certain people in the retail fan make mistakes. I block them. And I block them forever. There's no coming back. You know why? I have to protect the people from getting scammed. That simple. So, okay, so let's, what are we going to do, by the way? Yes, we're going to do a lot today. We're going to talk. We're going to make money. Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Old markets already, you know since I was you know I had a meeting this this morning when one of those big people-big investors or w/ w and w/ you have to come to Token 49.

00:09:21
You have to come show the best freaking oracle we have in crypto, you know. He told me don't swear, don't swear. He told me it'll be Token 40 now without you over there is nothing. He told me you are the oracle of crypto, you know. This guy-why he's talking like this? Is he made uh six figures from previous Monday when I told them guys it's time, I think that money will flow into crypto and you know the news came on Tuesday that when it happened officially, so that's always how it happens with MW. He tells you something today, and then tomorrow you get all those big accounts sharing the data. Yes, the biggest inflow in crypto yesterday. Yes. Who told you? MW. Yes, so he made six figures-this big investor.

00:10:06
Maybe that's why he loves me. Maybe. It's just what it is. So, honey. Are you guys looking at honey? Look at honey, guys. Honey. Yes, honey. So, Travel11 is with us today. So, maybe he can say something about honey. Because he said last time that this is a project that might be, you know, a good project. Well, if it's a good project, I told you if I would buy this, I would buy this back. So let me put on the indicator. Yeah, you see, it's back at the Indy. So this is my style. You know, I don't care how good a project is. You know, those charts rule everything for me. That's it. They rule everything for me. So the charts show me where the money's from.

00:10:51
We're going to talk about a lot of. A zillion of altcoins. But first of all, we have to go to the markets. Okay, so first of all, what do we got? We have got, I think it's FOMC over here. Correct me, Wednesday. No, not over here. FOMC, I think it's, is it Wednesday or Thursday? I think Powell's coming up. I think Powell is coming. Correct me in the chat, but I think. Love the project despite the chart. It's a good product. It's working. They earn money. You know, trouble, you know, okay, okay. Trouble, you have been with me for a long time, so you know me by now. I don't believe in any project out there. I only believe in making money.

00:11:37
You know, and, you know, when a product pumps up, when a product goes up, when this goes up and makes this dump down, mmm, mmm, mmm. So if they're making money, yes indeed they're making money by dumping their bags over here that's how they're making money so basically so if the project and the fundamentals are good guys i don't know so travel knows something about this project i don't know but you know if you're interested in buying this this is the level to keep in mind the 27 cents so if you're interested let me let me check by the way let me check before i'm gonna say something let me check first of all i have to check if this thing is solid or not if this thing's solid or not honey honey honey

00:12:20
honey honey honey honey honey hive mapa hive mapa you know there's still there's still some money out there you know so this is trading wise maybe investing wise i would be only interested if this thing comes even lower to these levels even here i'm trading wise maybe interested if there is some money flow going in otherwise i'm not interested i just i don't care how good their fundamentals are i'm just not interested um fmc 7 of may oh seven of oh seven of may so what you know what was i seeing once it oh no it was not fmc i'm sorry i'm sorry guys it's it's it's three after so it's um let's see what Was it again what was it again what was it again there is something else oh we got PC I think it's PC yes I think it's PC PC is coming up guys PC is coming up PC is coming up uh PC let me see PC is coming up yes Oh, deep is doing deep things. Deep is going deep, guys. Deep is going deep, guys.

00:13:45
Okay, so what do we got? We got CB Consumer Tuesday. We got the Jules job data on Tuesday. We got GDP. Very important. Yeah, GDP. It was GDP. And we got GDP. By the way, guys, we got GDP over here. That's what, you know, I had it over here. Oh, deep. Don't go so deep. Deep is going deep. Up. Deep up. Deep is going deep up. I'm going to show you deep in a moment. Koreans, Koreans, guys. Koreans, Koreans are on it. Deep, deep, deep. Koreans are going deep. The Koreans are going very deep. What is deep doing? Let me see this deep. I will add it. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. What are you doing? Oh, deep. Oh, deep. Oh, deep. Deep, I think you're pumping a bit too much in my opinion, deep.

00:14:33
Maybe it's time that I start giving you a little bit of attention, deep. Maybe you should cool a little bit down. Just this cool down, because I think that 'deep' is going a little bit too deep. My alarms are going off, that's why I'm seeing 'deep'. By the way, guys, so my alarms are going off on my phone and I'm thinking to myself, 'Why is 'deep'? Why is 'deep' going so deep? Why is 'deep' going so deep, deep, deep, guys. Koreans, they're really... I told you already, they're the heroes of crypto, guys. You have to trust me, believe me; they are the heroes of crypto. So let me see where it's 'deep'. Where are you, 'deep'? Come, come over here, 'deep', wide.

00:15:11
Let me see where 'deep' is going very deep so deep, 'Deep', book a book that's going very deep, 'Deep', deep, deep, deep, deep. Why are you pumping this much 'deep'? What's going on, 'deep'? Why are you doing this 'deep', 'deep', 'deep', 'deep'? Why are you going so deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep

00:15:41
deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip

00:15:56
You know, I just don't get it, but these Koreans are monsters. So basically, Deep, I think Deep, Deep is one of those 2 ,000 P &Ls. You know, Deep, Deep, Deep, Deep, Deep is. So let's make something like this, make something like this. So we got over here. Then we got over here. We got over here, the all-time high. Deep needs to take a breather. Deep, you need to, you know, take a breather, deep. Take a breather. Let me put it on a four-hour. Let's see what deep is doing. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. Deep is going deep. Don't go so deep, guys. Why are you going so deep? Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep.

00:16:46
Deep is going deep. Deep is going deep. Deep is going deep. Deep, why are you going so deep? Deep. Hey, deep. stop it deep deep deep deep deep deep come on koreans pump it up koreans come on let me see deep yeah deep so it's basically the volume the volume on deep at this moment as we speak is 226 million oh boy oh boy deep wants to go deep well if deep wants to go deep you go deep with it you know that's just deep deep deep deep you want deep you need deep one deep you know deep deep deep deep deep deep deep so we got first touch are we going to get a second touch over here and then we got this red zone backing up so yeah i would say Guys, very important.

00:17:53
You know, I'm going to repeat myself. I'm going to repeat. Why am I talking about deep, by the way? Oh, yeah, because of the alarm gun. Sorry, guys, I forget about it. So let me first of all see deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. Let me see the funding rate on deep, by the way. I always use the funding rate looking on deepy. Deepy. Hey, deepy. Deep. Deep, deep, deep, deep. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. DP, DP, DP. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad, Mark. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. This is red, but it's not dangerous red or whatever, you know? It's not dangerous red. So this is healthy red. This is healthy red. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad.

00:18:39
It ain't so bad. And let's see DP. DP, maybe you're going to make some money. But listen, guys, to get back, to get back. You know, I already prepared you guys for this. I prepared you guys for this now for weeks. But, you know, unfortunately, a lot of retailers, they're not acting on this. And I want also the spot traders to focus now. So spot traders, not leverage traders, spot traders. I've been telling you guys, you have to keep an eye on the Koreans. That's number one. You have to keep an eye on the freaking Koreans. And while you're keeping an eye on the freaking, freaking, freaking, I didn't swear. I didn't swear. It just came out. Freaking.

00:19:13
Koreans guys, you have to trade the Indian 104 hour I told you a lot of times they don't trade leverage they do it on spot so you have to go with them and they use my indicator how many times do I need to repeat myself that indicator is worth a million dollars you have to trade based on it you see it over here boom back hold hold hold hold Boom, boom, and there comes the move. And then, okay, that was the first move. Come back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back. Boom, there she goes again. Do you know how much money you can make using this indicator? You cannot imagine, but you have to do it. You have to do it.

00:19:49
And I can show you, like, we're going to talk about all those altcoins, and I'm going to show you the same style. Because this is what the Koreans are doing. And for sure, some of them, they go below the indicator for sure. But you have to see the ones that the money is flowing in. You can get filthy rich. You can get filthy rich on this. But you have to do it. So, especially for high-volume traders, you have to prepare yourselves, guys. You have to keep preparing yourself. A lot of things, a lot of big stuff are coming for the big trading, for the high trading courses. And for the beginners, I don't even know what Salsa is. I don't even know anymore. She's traveling so much around the world.

00:20:24
I don't even know anymore what she's doing. So I just don't know. I just don't know. Because, you know, everything is, I think, as good as done, but, uh, yeah, it is what it is, so, uh, I'm waiting for it and let's see, let's see what's gonna happen, let's see what's gonna happen. We're going to see what's gonna happen, but you know, for the beginner's course also, it's very important because this is what makes you money. Look at this boom! But we're going to talk about it in a moment; we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it. So, for my now, this is this is you know I told you guys already, also on Saturday.

00:20:53
You have to focus on the freaking logs, it's about the longs so especially for the spot traders because spot traders they don't show it. This is your time to shine. So when I tell you, okay, Monday, Prisma, I told you, okay, bullish crypto, okay, bullish, bullish, bullish, bullish. So as a spot trader, you should focus now. Focus now is your time to make the 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 6x, 10x, whatever. This is when you guys got to make a lot of money. So you have to focus. And especially when I tell, listen, guys, you have to focus on the loss. Focus on the freaking loss. Focus on the freaking loss. And I tell you, okay, I'm done with it. If I'm going to focus on the loss, does that mean that we don't show it?

00:21:29
For sure you can show it. For sure you can show it. You use your indicator, the ones that pump up very good, just like honey, for example, honey. You can short the crap out of honey. Because, listen, if I'm going to show it, listen, so now we're talking about deep. So let me show you. Where is that honey, by the way? Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey. I love you, honey. I love you, honey. Where are you, honey? Oh, honey is not here. So honey decided, okay, you know what? W, no honey for you. So let me let me show you honey let me show because you know I know already you know

00:22:00
I did a check it but I'm gonna check it now together with you guys let's see how it's gonna look let's let me see honey so for example honey so this is the chart okay so let me put it there we go honey honey look at this honey are you seeing this uh alpiman honey this is your entry this is your entry we lost it or this was your entry it doesn't matter Boom. Congrats. Alpiman was late because he didn’t see it like he's always not seeing it. This was your entry. Boom. And that’s how you make money. Over here, out, out, in, in, in. And this is, again, your entry, Mr. Alpiman. Boom. And they're down. And now, same stuff. And so on and so on.

00:22:36
You can even put it on the one hour. Okay. Alpiman is not always on the chart. He just doesn’t know what he's doing. No problemo. So over here, this over here was your entry. Okay, there you go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You can add to your position over here. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And there you go. You're printing money. You're printing money. So it's not only on the way up. It's also on the way down. You know, I can show you this on any chart. You don't have to ask me. Just do it. You know, a lot of times the problem is people think too much. And, you know, Alpiman is one of the best examples of people that think. He thinks. He thinks more than that he acts.

00:23:13
I hope that his wife appreciates that, but that's another story. But, you know, he thinks too much. Sometimes, you know, let the MW indicator do the thinking for you and you act. Let the indicator think. You act. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, Boom, boom, boom,

00:24:01
You know, and then we got, but it's a lot of chopping around. But at this point, we're reaching really the 50% level of this dump. So over here, this is where you have to be careful. So even if we broke, so this is the next level to watch. 5,616, if we're going to head over here, that might be the time that we're going up. Also, we got a lot of earnings going on, by the way, guys. So earnings are always also very important coming up. The DXY is holding the line for now. I think after this dump, I think it's a matter of time this thing reaches this level and then over here we'll get the battery test. I'm just saying that's what I think, you know that's what I think.

00:24:37
Uh, you know I'm giving you guys what I think, that's what I think. Virtuals is also getting pumped by by the way, travel so um, we're going to talk about virtuals in a moment but uh, let me let me tell you, so this also this thing already made a big rise up, so look at this, we're getting a reach, so we maybe this thing wants to come down over here and then I can show you this one. Uh, this one also, we had a rejection away from this line coming back to the indicating that's when we have to focus again. Uh, there's another one that I'm very interested in, uh, where is it? Where is it? I know I'm really Looking at it, and you know I think to myself, okay, something needs to happen on this thing.

00:25:13
At least, this one, this one, you know, this one is, is one that I'm really eyeing for now because I think that something will happen on this oil, oil, oil, oil, oil. So um, basically what we're seeing over here is removal, first of all. Let me move to get a bigger picture over here, but I think that oil, oil, oh, we already hit the fifth; I didn't see this one, I would have bought some um, yes, oil so oil is also very important uh la familia, oh if you know, let me just say, this guy's if this thing comes back to the 45/ 40 regions, I will buy myself a big bag of gold. I'm just saying, I'm just gonna hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, something okay, so that's it guys, so uh, then back to honey.

00:26:03
Oh, here is honey. Uh, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, um, we go to bitcoin first and then we go to honey, bitcoin. Oh, bitcoin, nice, bitcoin, nice, bitcoin, nice, nice, nice, bitcoin is doing what it's doing, so the money is really flowing into bitcoin. Bitcoin's finding momentum by the way, guys, this is by the way not Michael Saylor, guys, this is really just uh people just like I explained you on Monday they are just uh you know getting getting both and you know it's very remarkable. Every freaking time when we you know when I point out the the tops and then after it I point out the bottoms and then after the bottom, you know when the news is very bearish etc. etc.

00:26:42
You gotta bounce up and then after it, the good news comes, it's you know it's mind-blowing if you're boarding over here, you really should be sick profits over here, you know it's it's madness. So um, and now we're reaching this resistance level of 96, 96 but this thing could go higher, it could go higher, it could print a little bit more, it could print a little bit more, um, it's of nothing, it's it's still you know the bulls are marching, it's all about the bulls. now the bulls are still marching but this is we're already now in pretty pretty pretty strong resistance levels so you have to be a little bit careful over here

00:27:19
guys be well be careful over in this block if you're gonna break above the 97 98 okay then we can go to the 100k again but for now it's you know this is danger zones this was the you know i got a lot of people they dm me and should i buy and w should i buy mw should i buy how long have you been following me yeah well like three months yes you know when it's time to buy i scream it on my live streams so uh go back to this go back to these these dates over here beginning of april that's When I was screaming bye', I was screaming, 'Maybe Helena can make a vid about it

00:28:04
', I was saying 'bye bye' you know, you know this is this is the thing in trading, you know when you know when I say when I'm screaming, I'm buying, I'm buying at that moment, there's a lot of fear in the markets and then you got all these retailers, it doesn't matter if I'm screaming 'I'm buying' or bye bye', because they don't care that we're just too afraid to put any money in, oh why, oh maybe you should buy now, is getting bullish and that that doesn't happen a lot. And this is typically retailers in the markets. This is why that beginner course is so important. When markets from here go up over here, so they pump up with 40, 50%, and then MW, is this maybe a good time to buy?

00:28:53
Why? Where were you 40% ago? Well. To be honest, MW, I was a little bit afraid. I thought that the markets would dump down. Yeah, but it's the same. Because over here, you think that markets dump down more. Over here, you think that markets will pump more. This is just an average person in trading or in investing or in crypto. Above, when prices are at high levels, you think, oh, well, you know, this thing is so bullish, it can only go up more. I won't take profits and I won't open up any shorts. Okay. Okay, fine by me. You do you. Okay, and over here, when it's down, no, MW, this, you know. MW, do you think I'm blind? I read the news. I read what's happening on Twitter. I read everything.

00:29:44
The whole world is going to collapse. Everything is going to collapse. You're crazy. I'm not buying here. I'm not buying a falling knife. Okay. Okay. You do you, so we got the dominance, oh dominance, oh lovely dominance. I love this by the way, guys, the more this thing goes up, the the richer you'll be, you'll get at buying altcoins, so I love this, I love seeing this. By the way, um okay, so that's about that, so let me go into the altcoins, you know it's just time for all of us by the way, guys. This coin, I'm gonna start with this coin, so this is a little bit of MW, this is a little bit of MW. This coin, you cannot buy it on Blowfin, also not on BTNX.

00:30:31
By the way, guys, if you want to join us, if you are just a patron, you want to join us, you want the MW Indicator. The MW Indicator, you will not get it by just being a patron or a Telegram member. There was one month that you, that month is over. Maybe I'm going to do a new one soon, but to get the indicator, we're still waiting for the shop. don't know where the shop is going there you can get it in the shop directly at the same moment if salsua will uh finalize whatever it is that she's doing or you can or you can trade and blow off an orbital x and get 100k trading volume already explained it's not a lot it's not a lot just and then you can get it also edms your id and uh boom boom you got it you also get even more important you'll get access to the trading course bits

00:31:23
one two number four so and let me tell you guys about this one because i was eyeing this one you can buy this by the way if you want to use uh like like you know you can use a dex or uh figure out where you can buy it i don't know where you're gonna buy it but it's on gate . io i think and anyway i want you guys to focus on this coins and why do i want you guys to focus on this coin this coin this is a coin as stmx so stmx um the koreans are on it so what i'm seeing here is you know when i see that the koreans are involved and i see that our price is still about informations how is that possible how is this possible how is it possible so it's already they have to pair with the korean currency also so based on this i also I love their tokenomics.

00:32:23
The tokenomics look good also. So we got the tokenomics looking good. We got the Koreans are on it. And now comes the most important part, by the way, guys. And that's something that I'm, you know, you know me, guys. You know who I am. I'm always looking for you guys to make the big money. That's what I do. I'm always looking out for you guys to make the big money. By the way, you can get it on Upbit, BitGet. BitGet has got it. GayDiot has got it. Bithump. It's on Binance US. It's on CoinEx. It's on PolyNix. So there you can get it. So why am I saying? You can also get it, by the way. You know how I do it? For me, it's very simple.

00:33:02
I've got, you know, where I can buy it on the exchange. Yes, yes. If I can't, or weeks. If I can't get it over there, I'll just buy it from a desk. MetaMask or, you know, whatever. Whatever you want to just flip some money into it. So, but yes, this coin the fact that you cannot get it on weekends, or blowfin on Binance uh, this makes me even more bullish about a coin because a listing, yes, a listing could ramp this thing up so um, I remember STMX very well. You know why I remember this? I remember this STMX from Bitfavo. So it came on Bitfavo by that time, very early. So, he had this coin at Bitfavo. So, StormX is one of the first global cryptocurrency-based solutions to reach worldwide markets.

00:34:05
There's a mobile app, a browser extension, aims to bring users cash back crypto for whatever, with enterprise partners like Samsung. With enterprise partners like Samsung, Nike, and Lego. Oh, okay. Good for you, StormX. StormX also allows users to stake the native STMX token to boost their rewards. The company already attracted investments on BlockFi. By the way, guys, before you got to think, I don't know STMX. Contact me. This is not paid. This is also not paid. Whatever. You guys know me. Please don't even think about it. And let me tell you also, I don't own any STMX. I don't own zero STMX. And nobody paid me for this. And I don't know the team. I'm just giving you guys, as I always do, my honest opinion.

00:34:54
And I think that most of you guys, that's why you love me. Because when you've got a person in crypto, and he's the best trader out there, and he also shares his objective view on altcoins, you know, I wish that I could find someone like that. I really wish that I would find someone who would just, you know, boom. Give me just your honest freaking opinion as a crypto expert and a trader. That's it. That's all we ask for. We don't need anything else. We will pay that 30, 40, 50 bucks. We don't give a crap. Just give us your honest opinion. But don't give us an opinion that the company paid you for it and you're going to dump those bags that you bought in before telling us on us and that will tank the price.

00:35:33
Please don’t do that, MW. I don't do that. I'm against that. I'm against that. You know, I can show you guys like a million. DMs on my ex account for projects that want to collaborate with me and you know wants me to chill coins for a lot of money, a lot of money. Okay, so That's about it so You know this makes me even more bullish so you guys know me by now So this thing this coin has got all the ingredients that MW likes and MW likes healthy tokenomics and MW likes button formation NW likes when certain coins are not listed on many popular exchanges. And NW likes when the coins are involved. So we got the whole package over here. So, yeah, I will be buying a lot of STMX at the right time.

00:36:28
And, you know, for me, it's only a matter of, you know, for me, it's only a matter of one email. And I got this thing listed on exchanges. Yeah, that's how powerful I am by now so if I want this coin to get listed on on an exchange it only takes me one little bit typing and this thing is listed so it is. Am I going to manipulate the price? I don't know, I don't, I will not even ask for it, I will not even ask for it, I'll never do it but let me tell you this guy's uh you have to keep an eye on this team work so I'm not buying SD MIX now by the way I don't give a crap I'm just not gonna buy it now just like

00:37:08
know very simple I just don't feel like it but let me tell you this guys so if this thing comes back to the zero 30 cents I'll buy, I'm gonna buy it, I'm gonna use my I think I'm going to use my what am I gonna use I think I'm going to use my Dex wallet I think I'm gonna use uh OpX for that one. So I think I'm going to flip some on my MetaMask, I'm going to flip some STMX. But not now. It needs to come down 20%, 30%. That's it. And if it doesn't come down so be it. So this is how I, you know.

00:38:02
Can we do layer update? Sorry, not interested in STMX. Okay. Okay, whatever. Okay, whatever. So let me go to this one. Let me go to this one. Let me go to this one. Meta. I don't know. The Koreans are on it. I'm telling you. I'm showing you. Meta, the Koreans are on it when the Koreans are on it, uh, you have to focus so meta look at this testing the four-hour indie over here meta hmm, I would have loved that this thing would dump a little bit more; it's a little bit of in a dangerous cell for me, this coin, next one, groan, nice, this is this.

00:38:56
Look at this. Okay. This one is very interesting. This thing pumps very hard, by the way, guys. I want you guys to focus on Elf. Elf pumps very hard. Elf, when it pumps, are you seeing this? Look at this. Look at this. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Look where we are. Look where we are. Look where we are. Look where we are. You see this? you see this, and the Koreans are on it so maybe the next up with this trend line over here how much 200 triple your money but listen guys, you know it's, you know it's you know all; you know I think a lot of you guys are used to following all these you know wannabe technical analysts with all those trend lines and all those, you know, the numbers on it and the text on it.

00:39:58
And this is resistance, and this is support. And then you've got this fib circle. Then you've got this; you've got this volume sticks on the right side. You know, then you've got these heat maps. And then, you know, over here is where the liquidity lays. And over there, this is where the this is. And there is that. And then you've got below it, you've got this RSI going up and down, you know. And then you've got the stochastic RSI also. Rocket science. This is how MW does his AETA. You see this? This is my TA. This is how I do TA. I dare you to challenge me. I dare you to challenge me. Come. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. All I have to say is you have to focus on this one.

00:40:46
Focus, please. Focus, please. Focus. Please focus. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. I'm getting a message. Message. Message. Vertical. Message. Vertical. bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum

00:41:45
so we got sonic over here and i'm not liking this to be honest and then we got this qtc also already made a rise up retest keep an eye use the indicator and then we got this me oh oh oh wait a minute oh oh guys what is this let me let me find another chart what is this this is on hdx me usdt

00:42:18
Let's see Binance. Does Binance have some more data? Oh, oh, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. What's me doing? Me, me. What are you doing, me? Me, me. What are you doing, me? Me, let's see what me is doing. Let's see me, me, me. Magic Eden. Magic Eden. Oh no, no, you know as much as I like this, no not liking the tokenomics of this one but listen if they want it if they if they want it you know if they want to scan this one do they got some unlock going on anytime soon because that could be a reason also for me let me see you guys let me see you guys Me, me, me, me, me, Magic Eden. No, no, no, no, Magic. Magic Eden.

00:43:25
What do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? Me, me. Okay, I'm going to come back to this me. I'm not liking the tokenomics, but it's trying. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Alpiman, look, Alpiman. Over here, rejected, rejected, and now it's trying to break out. So the breakout could be huge. So use the indicator. Koreans are on it. So if you're going into any long on this one. Make sure that you take profits, uh, on the way up because I'm not liking this coin, I'm not liking it at all. So, someone was asking me about Layer; what do you want to know about Layer? So, let me go to Layer; let me go to Layer; so this is Layer. You want Layer, okay?

00:44:00
So, whatever, let me make uh remove remove this uh; let me show you Layer, so you want to see Layer, okay! I think I already talked way too much about Layer, but nonetheless, so later we did our thing over here. This was the first day, the first one that we put on the four-hour and then uh, we took a big chunk of profits just like I educate you guys on the Indian four-hour over here; you see it, you see this, so I'm educating you about so boom! You take a lot of profits over here and Then, well, you could flip long if you want or whatever. Over here is bouncing up and it's holding the line very beautifully, and this is where the GTC team is loading up again.

00:44:47
So, if you want to know what about layer that's what about layer. So, the team is loading up big again on the money that they took out over here, they are putting it back in here again. And then I already told you also maybe they want to go for the double maybe they want to go for the double so if the double gets in place, so this boom boom double or maybe even a lower low and then maybe the big ching ching will happen. So if you want to update about this, you don't even need An update because I educate this so you should know this already, so if you see this thing is just traveling, okay going go, go, go, go, you know what the team is the team is destroying again and you know I don't want to keep talking about layer too much because the market makers might

00:45:38
uh, keep uh, holding the price up so the retail firm will not benefit from it, so I need you know I need to get quiet a little bit about this coin, I said already way too much about this coin and nothing changed, everything I said, I mean it and I stand by it, and I don't care even when the markets when I said that we have to flip bullish and that things would Go up very strongly, even then the only coin that has not been removed from the shortlist is layered so that says enough. So the only thing that I can tell you now is that you know, just like if you watch trading course vid 4, if you didn't watch trading course vid 4, you really have to send us your UID and the trading volume; we will give you access to them.

00:46:24
I already explained you guys how it works on these Chase trades. So it goes up over here, you take profit over here, it goes up over here, and I even nailed this one-I even tweeted that I was going to flip the alt trade uh gains into a short, and after it but like you know, three minutes the price Dumped down very hard over here and then over here I trained you okay over here This is where you take it out, take the profits when it goes up again, you start building again. And I also told you we might do this double for sure, maybe we can even break it up I don't care; they will destroy it, this trade. I don't have to repeat myself too many, many times.

00:47:05
And if you don't have the patience for it or you're not trained for it or you're emotional or you're tired, it means that you're not made for trading. So this is one of the biggest lessons you get in trading, especially if you want to make the big buck. If you want to make the big buck, you have to be strong. You know, a player, it's just the positions are getting built. Everything is going on. And I will cash out very big on this one. There's zero doubt in my mind. I don't want to explain this. And, you know, I don't even watch the charts anymore. I don't even give a care. I've got my alarm set. When they go off, I know what to do. That's it. And then just wait for payday.

00:47:48
That's it. When they get tired, it will be payday. So that's about it. So let me... I don't know about these coins. I don't know what they're doing. But let me. Go to, I want to show you guys this one so virtually this is also Korean by the way guys, but you have to see it like this guy. So basically, I missed this entry, see this one I got filled on this blue box, but my big entry was in this box and I missed it, yeah, so I got a small bag I could have had a really big bag, uh, it is what it is. But for the ones that remember me about virtuals because I think that a lot of you guys don't remember, but I know for sure that Travel 11 remembers.

00:48:29
So, travels we have been talking about travels over here and while it was over here, I already told you if I would be interested in travel in virtuals, it will be below the one back I said it months ago. So, it came over here, uh, I got filled over here and then. I lowered my buy orders to this one, okay that's my mistake, that's my mistake. So, you know, I'm also just human. I made a mistake. I should have bought in. They didn't reach my levels over here. So I wanted to buy below the $0. 40. Well, it didn't go below the $0. 40. It stayed above it. But again, this is what I've been showing you and I've been teaching you. You know, this is my investing portfolio.

00:49:13
It's just like 20% of my money. But this is how you trade. This is the exact look over here. So we lost over here. Came back, retested Indy. Back, reset at Indy, reset at Indy, back, Indy, Indy, Indy. This was your confirmation. Especially when I say on Monday, you have to flip bullish. And this is exactly what I've been explaining you guys for weeks now. Just freaking listen. Above the Indy, you flip bullish. This was your entry, and there you go. So even if I didn't get hit over here, this is my investment portfolio, but my trading portfolio, which is 80%, by the way, I'm making these gains. It's not as if I missed it. Okay, there it is. So we got this one and then we got also this AI.

00:50:07
So these AI coins are, you know, they are doing what they are doing. So we got AI16 also. Guys, I want to tell you something. I want to tell you something. I want you to know. These AI coins. You have to understand. The story behind these coins is very simple. They pump up. They dump down. That's it. So, what does it mean? It means you always secure profits when you trade this. Always. Go with the flow. But you see it on AI16; it's the same story just like I showed you over here we went up back to the indicator, retest, retest off, she goes, 'It's that simple,' so this AI console, uh, what is this? This uh, look at this. Oh, maybe Travel 11 can say something about Eliza.

00:51:05
Look at this one; didn't take off yet – are you seeing this? Yeah, it's sort of taking off. Same story, boom! Retest, retest. This was your entry. This is almost 50%, guys. Do you know? You see how important it is that you just respect this indicator? It's almost 40%. Look at this. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this? Guys, I want you guys to just tell me, are you seeing this? I hope you guys are seeing this, but are you seeing this? Look at this. Look at this. Just look at it.

00:51:53
Just look at it, guys. I want you guys to keep looking at it.

00:52:19
Let's look at it, guys. So this thing is taking out. Trevor Levin, what do you do? I'm sure you've heard this one. Okay, so what's so good? Okay, so very risky play. What do we got? Okay, over here we got Trevor Levin. So very risky play. Eliza, they're building a real robot. Okay, so how is that risky? If they're building a real robot, so um they're building they're building a real robot okay well let me see let me see the talk let me see the talks let me see the talks let me see the talks Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza what is the price of Eliza it's 43 cents 43 cents it's 43 cents so Eliza what's what's going on Eliza no is it for real no is this come on for real is this is this for real this is this is

00:53:35
It's 20% up, guys.

00:53:41
Hmm. Eliza. They call it, is this, wait a minute, they call it, it's on Blover, they call it Eliza Soul. Is that the one? I think that's the one. Travel? Travel confirmation. I bought some spots for one month ago. Is it is Eliza Soul what's this, what's going on over here, guys? You know, is that all you have to say about it that they're building a robot? That's all, let me see, Eliza, Eliza, what do we got on B2NX by the way, guys? What do we got on B2NX? Let's see, B2NX. B2NX. Do we got B2NX? No, B2NX. Okay. What about Wix? Does Wix? Wix mostly got this crappy coin. Yes, Wix has got it. Ah, you can loan it on Wix. Ah, monsieur. Monsieur, mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi?

00:54:53
Let me tell you this, by the way, guys. This coin. Uh, don't be shocked when I say this, please just just bear with me, bear with me. This coin has got a market cap of um, 4. 3 million, what are you saying, yes, MW it's listen guys, it has got a market cap of 4. 3 million, okay, it also has got a market to fully download the market gap of 4. 3 million, so I don't know what virtuals is doing, I don't know what what AI 16 is doing but if Eliza is one of those coins and is related to these guys, um, guys be ready because this, if you want degen, if you want degen and you want, you want a coin, uh, they're building a robot.

00:55:50
It peaked at 170, nuked down to 2. 5. Well, that's a big nuke. But, you know, after the nuke, what comes to, 111? They are part of the AI16 ecosystem, but independent due to Real Robot company. Okay. So they're related to AI16 ecosystem. Okay. They have the wrong name. They are not perfect. Okay. That's one. Okay. So, okay. So, okay. But this could be interesting. Because, you know, I'm liking the market cap, first of all. I love the market cap. And I love even more, I love the chart. Look at this. And if travel 11, if, you know, so the team is not dead. Agreed? So the team is not dead. So they are building something. So let me see what is market cap telling us about it.

00:56:46
The market is telling us nothing about it. Eliza is a real girl. So this is what CoreMarketer has to say about Eliza. Eliza is a real girl. I think, you know, no team is active. Just going back to 0. 1. So, well, you know, travel. So if there would be, listen, let me tell you this, guys, because, you know, I'm not here for the fundamentals. I'm over here to tell you just what I think based on my honest opinion. Okay, that kind of works. So you want my opinion, right? This is what you want. 4. 5 million. So that's number one. That's about the most degenerate coin you can buy. That's number one. Number two, the chart; you know, you guys know me. So I don't have to say more about the chart.

00:57:40
Look where it is. Number three, this is. This is the perfect setup I've been explaining you past weeks above, the Indie come back look how do you think that it's a coincidence that this thing is over here and then bounces up, guys just listen I'm almost crying over here just listen to me but you know this is perfect setup and you know this coin use the Indie make money, that's all I have to say, you know uh so just just look it up and by the way guys, I'd love to be with you for another hour, you know I think let me know in the chat do you like how we do things now because you know I did a market update and this is, you know it's boring markets are boring now there's no danger, I'm seeing you know it's just boring going sideways so but do you love it while i'm doing with you guys live these coins and

00:58:42
you know the thoughts do you love this if you love this let me know in the chat because i'm gonna do more because i think if if listen listen listen travel if if upbeat if up it gets involved with eliza then it's it's it's you're rich this is also something that you know this is also something that that i want to do with you guys i want to hunt down those coins that are not on up it yet So I want to hunt down those coins. You know, we have to analyze those because Upbit is listing the bottom, the coins at bottom formation. That's why I'm just, you know, I'm just looking for those bottom coins. And, you know, we buy just a little of them, a little bit here, a little bit there, a little bit here.

00:59:24
And then if one or two or three of them get hit by the Koreans, whoo, there we go. And so Eliza, by the way, let me see Eliza because I didn't check this one yet. Eliza is not on Binance. Eliza is not on. I'm not seeing a lot. Let me see perpetual. You've got some perpetuals on weeks. So Eliza still, suppose that Eliza gets on Binance. Just imagine. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then it gets even more. So, okay. So it's just me doing some broadcasting. But unfortunately, I have to run because I have to go. I've got a meeting. By the way, guys, I'm still doubting if I'm going to Token 49. It's Wednesday.

01:00:09
And a lot of people are pushing me, pushing me, please, please, me, go, please, so I'm really doubting, so if I will go, it also means that there will be no live stream uh on Wednesday if I will go, and also something else um, so I'll try either way I'll try to do a live stream tomorrow um, let me, let me think because I've got something to do tomorrow so um, I cannot promise but I'll try my best to do a live stream tomorrow. So if you decide to go to the token, then, yeah, well, then you've got the live stream on Tuesday. And, you know, so that's about it. So, okay. So, okay. No, you guys do not love it when I do these coin things with you.

01:00:55
So, you just want to market updates. You want me to do the altcoins that are on volume and that's it. Okay. Well, so be it. You choose. You want me to do it that way. I'm going to do it that way. You guys decide. You guys decide. You guys decide. It's your world. Thank you all for watching. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. Enjoy your days. Happy trading. And please show me the P&Ls on Twitter later today because I know it's going to happen. I know it's going to happen like always. You know, I know it's going to happen like always. Guys, it's very simple. If I ask you to let me know in the chat and you're too lazy to put in a few words, then okay, well, so be it.

01:01:33
Okay, well, that's it. And that's it. Never again. Never, ever, ever again. So never again. We're going to do this. It's over. It's you. You wanted this. It's not my choice. It's your choice. You chose this. You wanted this. It's not me. And I don't want. And I'm already late. And I love you. Just kidding. Would you go? We're going to do it again and again and again. Guys, I'm telling you, there is nobody. You have to see it like this. You guys are with me here on the live streams. Live streams, not everyone has got access to them. Only you guys, the members. There is only one that has been telling you about the Koreans like three weeks ago until the day of today, most of the crypto content creators are not talking about Koreans.

01:02:16
Well, they're the ones pumping crypto. What does that tell you? That tells you that you have to be just deaf to those guys. Just forget about them. Block them. Don't watch them. Don't see them. Because if anyone would care about you and want you to make money in crypto, they should have told you about the Koreans like three weeks ago already. They didn't. Do you think that they don't see it? They see it. Do you think they don't see my post? They see them. Do you think that they are just Koreans, don't pay them? Koreans don’t pay them. And when they don’t get paid, they will not show you anything. They’re not telling you anything; they’re just out there. They need to get paid to tell you about a coin. They need to get paid to tell you about the rise. That’s what they do. And when you get paid, when they get paid to tell you about something, it means that that price will probably go to dump. So, you’re gonna get wrecked. Have a nice one. Thank you for watching. Bye.
*** Live Stream 04-30-2025 Bonus Stream_ Update on Markets & Altcoins and what to expect next! *** 

00:00:01
let's go let's go let's go mw and welcome again to trading crypto welcome retail familia how are you guys doing yes it's closing in it's closing and it's closing in everything's gonna happen i'm gonna talk about the marks gonna talk about gdp i think it's tomorrow yes tomorrow gdp financial markets altcoins koreans our heroes are bumping the markets like crazy uh koreans are really killing it koreans are the only ones yeah not the only ones but let's just say 70 80 of what is pumping right now it's just koreans it's just what it is i keep saying it again again and again and again and you know at some point when it's done when The Koreans are like you know, freak it!

00:00:43
Then, your favorite crypto guru will tell you about it, but for now, uh, we are just chasing these guys up and down. Let's see what they are planning to do, and you know, well, gonna talk about some altcoins from the retail fam also, uh, we gotta talk about an altcoin from the retail fam on the side of GTC Insider. Yeah, so yeah, we're going to talk about a lot. So welcome, welcome, welcome, everyone. Welcome, welcome, welcome, everyone. So let me start. We've got Zaganu, I work at Daniel, Kirk, Raza, Elena, Pedro, Loyal, Michael, Vara, Bakrypto, Viori, Top, Doc. We've got FT, Mud, Doc. We've got Tran, Waleed, Muhammad Ali, Rakan, Yo, Maddy, Glamia, Riff, Bob, Forky. We've got Rajkumara. Yes, straight up. You know, I didn't decide yet if I'm going.

00:01:41
I still didn't decide if I'm going, yes or no. So I thought, I'm going to do this live stream anyway. So I still didn't decide if I'm going or not. So, you know, should I go, should I not go? Should I go, should I not go? I really don't know. But either way, guys, if I'm there, nobody knows me. You know, nobody knows me. It's it's just like the previous or nobody knows me so, but you know I was just wondering if some of the reasons I know that one of the reform members is going; he's already here, uh, you know. It's very, very funny, he asked me, uh, and when I'm in Dubai now, and I'm going to Token 49, and uh, I would really, really, really love to meet you, and uh, I thought well, unfortunately that's not gonna happen, bro, because you know people.

00:02:27
I don't know; somehow people seem to forget that I uh, I love my privacy, so I just can't show my face; it's just as easy, you know. I'm so ugly that I cannot show my face, yeah, no, no, seriously, guys; it's just I love my privacy, so I will not show my face and if I would go there, nobody knows me; nobody knows me; I'm just undercover doing whatever this is I'm doing over there, but you know. and you know there is the bigger chance that i might go i might go you know i think to myself there are some things i want to know there are some people some people in crypto that will be there uh that i want to speak to and uh well yeah maybe i'll go maybe i'll very late so let's see um now you know you know you will not recognize me by my voice bro You don't know me yet.

00:03:25
I can change my voice very fast. At these events, I have another voice. I have another voice. I don't use my normal. This is my original voice, but I can change my voice. I can change it. Trust me, I can change it. So even you will not recognize me in my voice. I've got a unique voice. I know, I know, but I can change it. I can change it; I can change it very well. Hello. Who are you? You know, and you know, most of the time what I do is at these events, my English goes from... what is it now? I think it's now 75% to 30%. So it will be also very broken English. Very, very broken English. It will be; I do is cryptic. I have lot money. I'm willing invest lot money if possible. Sir, your project is good. I don't know. I have a lot of money. I buy crypto. It'll change; it'll change; it'll change; it'll change. Maybe I'll just speak French over there, you know. I don't speak French; I don't speak English. I have a lot of money, but I don't speak English. That's it. You never know.

00:05:02
Let's see what's going to happen. Just stalk you at the smoking section. Don't swear, be careful. I promise you, I've been at several events. They never find out who I am. They never found out who I am, and even you know even if someone would recognize me, so it's not a big thing or something it's not something big or huge or whatever if they found out who I was, so be it, you know. So but you know at least I'll do my best to stay to stay as undercover as possible if I go, so let's see maybe I'll go just for an hour, you know, I've got some things to do, some people to speak to, maybe I'll just go in, do my thing, bang bang and I'm gone.

00:05:44
So I think that this will be Yeah, you know, straight up, that's a good one. I always wear these UAE white robes, I always wear them. I wear them a lot, I love it. You know, it's like, you know, those things are, you know, you have to get the good ones, the more expensive ones. But those things are just like you're walking with an air conditioning on yourself. Do you think that these people from the Emirates are crazy by wearing those things everywhere? There's a reason for that, bro. It's like you have this air conditioning on you. You know, these guys don't sweat. They don't get warm. It's incredible. But you have to know the quality of it. You need the good quality ones.

00:06:29
When you wear those ones, it's like you're walking with the AC on, you know. The Koreans will be there, yeah, for sure. For sure, the Koreans will be there too. That's maybe the persons I'm looking for, I haven't seen it for a while, so it's the Koreans will be there also, but you know it's it's it's it's uh yeah it's gotta be great, it's gotta be great, it's gotta be good. Okay guys, so uh enough, enough, enough and let's uh let's let's let's go to the charts, let's go to the charts. No music today also, I don't feel like music these days, you know, I did no music, no music, no music, no music. So Wall Street is at it again, they're holding the line beautifully, they're holding the line.

00:07:13
Also, on the daily indie just like I showed you guys, so even we are at resistance over here, we broke this resistance, flipped at support, and as you guys can see also on the daily over here. And yeah, this thing is pushing up to the next level, which is that pointed out five cents, so this will also give a lot of altcoins a lot of space to pump more as long as this thing will hold it. So we got GBT tomorrow, so let's see how that's going to react. So first of all, I'm embarrassed, I'm embarrassed on the midterm. so i think that uh we will get uh our next uh uh candles down uh so that's number one and you know i was you know i was i was i was yesterday yesterday i was you know i was i was i was i was uh

00:08:00
i was looking and thinking you know i shared it oh in the morning i think in the morning i shared it yes guys you know you see you see all these you know tariffs and the markets crash the wet crash there is no crash i already explained you this uh while you know i can show it again let me let me show you that was a crash so this was the oh this is ugly let me use this one so this did this this was no crash this was just a retest of the previous all-time high you know That's why I was also saying bye bye bye bye bye at the bottom and

00:08:36
also it was the bottom of the box just like we calculated at the top we hit we hit the bottom also so basically this is just bullish, this is super bullish, just you know, you can see, you can see like something like this, so you can just see like something like this, so, so, you, you, you got this, rise up, you know, we broke, we broke all time high and then ultimate is over here. We retest at all-time high just for the next leg up. So this is basically what's going on. This is the chart if you want to do it without the candles. So without the candles, if you want to see what's going on. So this is just what's going on. It's just up. This was all-time high.

00:09:14
You broke above it. You came back. You confirmed the all-time high as a resistance. You flipped at support. And now you're going up. That's it. That's it. That's it, that's what we're seeing now and you know so on the bigger time frame um what you could get is this you get you could get a double top this is in the most bearish case so this would be really really really super bearish if you would get a double top over here and then down that double top would be very very very bearish by the way guys if we will create a double top and then go down very hard so for for the bulls it's

00:09:50
better if you would just get rejected over here we come back and we flip we flip this support into support we are not what I'm saying if we will confirm this this support again over here and then this could create a leg up you know this could create a leg up if you know wall street want to do whatever is want to do but let me show you also this because this I show this also Where's the VIX? VIX, VIX. Come here, VIX, VIX, VIX. Look at the VIX, guys. I said it in the morning, guys. I explained to you guys already that you can get filthy rich by shorting the VIX together with Beverly Hills. But you have to keep in mind that this box, we didn't reach it, by the way, so this could create more upside for the markets.

00:10:45
But if we would come back to this box over here. Do you know for how long we have been in this box? Look. Look at this. Are you seeing this? I can make it longer. I can make it longer, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Just look at this. I want to show you guys how Beverly Hills is making money for like 30, 40 years. They're making money this way, Beverly Hills. Look. Look at Beverly Hills. And then you ask yourself, how is it possible that these guys are so rich? Is rich people how is it possible that they are rich how it ain't so hard it's that simple what they do is they long the bottom and they short every bounce up or bump up that's what they do that's how they are rich and they're only getting richer and richer and richer by the day every day again rich every time up okay they're getting rich again listen this is from 1990 and I think

00:11:46
that if we had more data, this would be so only this is what is this? This is 35 years. They're doing the same. See what they do? Short it, short it, then over here. Every time it goes up, short it, up, short it. You know, because most of the times they're only short. They don't long. Short it, up, short it. And, you know, I can't keep, let me see. Look over here. Look over here. Up. Short it. Up. Short it. You know, these guys are, you know, they do it the MW way. They don't get liquidated, by the way. Look at this. Short it. Short it. Short it. Short the crap out of it. And again. And again. Short it. Every time. When this thing goes up, they are ready.

00:12:37
Short it. Short it. Short it. Short it. Look at them. Look at this. Short it. This was the jackpot, by the way. This was the Corona. No, no. This was the financial crash. Short the crap out of it. After it. Short it. Short it. And they have been doing this for like 35 years. They're doing just the same because you spend just a little time at these higher ranges. So this is just, you know, you have to see it like this. When this thing goes up, like this spike up or this spike up or this spike up, you know, every time that happens, it's just like Santa Claus came into the house. It's Christmas. The presents are coming. Oh, free money is coming. Those stupid retailers are going to get wrecked again.

00:13:24
Beverly Hills, you know, comes in with his fancy car. Listen, okay, I'm going to make money again. Yes. Short the crap out of it. Short it. Short it. Short it. They just don't, you know, it's just the MWA. Look at this, short it, short it. Everyone just shorten it out. Oh, wait, look at this one. They made, you know, this one they made the most money on, this one. This happened so fast. Shorten it. You know, these guys love all the presidents of the United States. You know why they love them? Because they have nothing to say. Because over here it stays the same. You know, because daddy is a friend of the new president. Doesn't matter. A rap, a damn, who gives a crap? They're all friends of the president's. You know, shorten it. Look at this. Shorten it. Shorten it. This is mind-blowing. This thing can't even hold a month above this box. Every time this thing comes up, it's boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom.

00:14:38
So the high volume traders be ready because we're going to talk about this for the high volume trades we're going to talk about this are we my traders we're my traders so be ready for this so uh basically we're getting guys we're getting back into this box again you know and this thing could stay a long time over here. You know, but I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that we will get a bounce up again. That's what I think. You know, China is helping us a little bit to make that. And Japan, those two are making, you know, they're fighting these guys. So you have to see it like this, China and Japan, and especially China, they're fighting these guys. Exactly these people they're fighting.

00:15:20
You guys don't know it, but this is reality. China is fighting these people. Yes, it sounds crazy, but they are fighting these people. Maybe you'll not understand now, baby, but you know. It is what it is. It is what it is. So that's about that. So, guys, by the way, you know, we had this one. You see this one went up into the Indian and boom, up. So the Indian is getting closer. We don't have a lot more. So I think because what's going to happen is Beverly Hills isn't crazy. Beverly Hills will probably take some profits. We got 15% to go, so 10%. So Beverly Hills will take some profits. And when they take profits on the VIX, that's when markets will slow down again.

00:16:07
That's when you're going to see this one probably also starting to cool down. So this rise up that you see over here. So we got the indicator. By the way, guys, just keep in mind that we didn't lose the indicator from, what was it, October 23. And so we're now going to retest it. So over here, the retest was just the biggest ramp up. Let's see what's going to happen over here. Is this retest going to take us down? Because if you want to see the big picture, if you would go back in history, you'll see we had this dump down to almost the bottom, almost. And then over here, we had the bottom. So you could see this as a sort of a dump. Double bottom. Over here, we didn't get double bottom.

00:16:50
It just went up. But we are in a different time over here. Now, it's not the same like right now. There are different things going on. So, let's see. Let's see what's going to happen. So, that's about that. I think DXY is just chopping around. It's just, you know, look at this. It's just so super bearish. The DXY, the US dollar, you know, the US dollar is in big trouble. Just don't know it yet, but the US dollar is really in big trouble guys and Oh, oh, oh, wait a minute. I'm seeing that Bob is posting something on Let me see. Let me see very fast Sign I saw that sign was also listed on Bluffing. I think yesterday What is going on with the sign? Sign, sign, sign.

00:17:48
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Let's see sign. Oh, 58%. Yeah, Koreans are on it. Look at this, guys. Look at this. What is this? Yeah, because, you know, it was also listed. I saw it on Bluffing yesterday. What is this sign thing? Before we go any further. So we got some more. Bitgit. Let's see Bybit. Let's see. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay, so this is a new project. Let me see. What is this sign? What is this? Is it a sign? Are they giving us a sign?

00:18:36
Is it, is it on, is it, is it, is it, is it available on Bluefin? I think I saw yesterday something with sign. Yes. Oh, oh, the fundings are a little bit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. My friend. Okay. So let's say, let's just say that a sign, in my opinion, is ready for a short. I think that you should prepare yourself for, for, for, for, you know, just, just, just. Short the crap out of sign so freak the Koreans, who we don't give a crap about, I think you should just uh you know just I think that sign is is sign is giving us a sign; it's gonna be my new girlfriend maybe maybe she will I like sign is she looking good? Salsa do you think that sign is looking good?

00:19:29
Salsa is with us by the way shout out to salsa everyone She's back, back, back, back. Salsa, do you think the sign is she looking good? Is she a potential girlfriend of mine? I think she is. Tell me. Do you think the sign is a good girlfriend? Well, it's not even. We can't hear you, Salsa. I don't know. You're talking to yourself. I know. I don't talk to myself. Salsa always has got this problem with her. With her audio. I just don't know. I just don't know. So you're talking to yourself. They hear me. Okay, you're talking to yourself. We can't hear you. But just with your head. No. She's not looking good? Is Sain looking good or not? Yes or no? With your head. Oh, wait a minute. Can you say something? Say something, please. Yeah, we can hear. We can hear. Oh, my bad. Yes, I can hear. I know because on the live streams, they hear me all the time. It's a fresh listing everywhere. It's like freshly listed for a day or two everywhere. Maybe it needs a bit more time. Maybe she needs a bit more time.

00:20:54
She's maybe too fresh for you. You're too old for that. I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But listen, listen, listen, listen. Just keep in mind that, you know, you know, Leia is one of my, you know, it's my love. Leia is my love. And we got, you know, but Eliza, she's my girlfriend. But you have to understand it like this. If she's my girlfriend, it means that I think it will go up. When she's my love, I think it will go down. When she's my wealthy wife, it means that she bottomed out. This is the code. So is sign, she going into the group of my girlfriend or my love or my wife, you know these days there's there's another phase you know it's called the maybe you just matched on tinder let's put it like this listen listen let me show you let me show you guys let me show you guys this is the team right now listen go to Twitter This is the team right now.

00:21:51
Just purely listen. They just did this while I was talking to you. So the team disagrees with you. Look at the team. Just go to Twitter now. Go to Twitter now. This is the team. Look at the team. Look what the team does. While you were thinking, they were acting. This is just now. This is just now. This is live. This is just live what they're doing. This is the team just live. Okay, boom. Okay, let's sort a crap out of it. Let's sort a crap out of it. So this is the team. They already took profits. They already took profits while we're talking now. While I was showing you, posting this, they already took profits. So let me tell you what I think. I'm going to tell you what I think. I think that this is just a policy. So I do think that this sign is going into my love. This sign is going into my love department. This is what I think. You know, I think that sign is, you know, sign is one of those that's, you know, one of those that will, you know, make us very rich. Very, very rich. So thank you, sign, for whatever it is that you're doing, sign. What is that? Let me first of all talk about sign.

00:23:34
Whatever so they're basically doing the same like the ten are ten thousand articles. That's what they're doing. So, what they are doing is basically the same just like that, you know, all of them. Founded in 2012 and signed has raised $30 million from JZI Labs, Sequoia Capital, India, and China, U. S., India, and China. Okay. A lot of top investors. Oh, top investors. Oh, yeah. You know, are you feeling the heat? You know, I'm getting excited. Top investors from the U. S., India, and China. Well, and let me tell you some things about India and about U. S. and China. These are all three of them, the most greedy countries I know in my life. So if someone is going to take profits, it's these three, especially India, by the way.

00:24:22
And all the talking about the sign aims at trust, trustless networks and drive for mass adoption and blockchain technology. You know, it's, you know, it's very good that, you know, I, you know, I, I, I made my YouTube live streams not open. You know, I would get attacked from every, every, every, every corner of the world. These guys, you know, most of the times what you see on YouTube well we've got something new for you, yes, sign they just got listed, they're gonna bump into the mood and you know that you know this is the best project ever, sign is building global infrastructure for credible verification, they're working with governments, yes, and they've got investors from China and you know they've got investors from the USA, and also from India.

00:25:11
Oh, this is such a great project, That's what, you know, that's how it is, This is how MW tells it. Okay, this thing is ready to get shorter crap out of it, I don't give a crap about this thing, Just shorter, Higher it goes, more shorter, That's how I see it, But whatever, Who gives a freak what I do? Okay, so let me go back, So let me put some alarms in on this one, So I want to know when the team is cashing in big again, So, okay, So the Koreans are on it now, So Koreans, by the way, Koreans are dangerous people. So when you're shorting whatever, be careful with the Koreans. But, you know, because of this thing is invested by China and by USA and India, you don't have to worry about the Koreans because they will get dumped on.

00:25:59
And Koreans are my friends. You know, the Koreans are the retail firm's friend. You know, you have to see it like this. Koreans are our friends. They are on our side. You know why? Because they try to pump altcoins. And it's the others that dump altcoins. You know, they wreck. They dump them down. And the Koreans, they pump them up. But the Koreans are not stupid. The Koreans think like I think. You know? Koreans use the indie. They know. Koreans are not stupid people. So they know what they want to pump. So although this thing has gotten listed with the Koreans. I think this one will be big. I think this will be a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big. Just have to wait for it.

00:26:46
I understand your thesis, by the way, because I agree with you, by the way. I agree with you that you have to be patient and it's just too new, too fresh. So only if you are really, you know, you have to be really a professional trader to trade this like the team on a short notice and make, you know, the team just made. Let me see what the day. is still in it with a small amount but the team just made like 3k but they you know they take profits take 3k and then you know remaining and then if it bounces up they go in and then down they take you know it's you know it's it's a style it's a style for the beginner scores and for the for the high volume traders i will show you this okay so i have to go back bob thank you for distracting me from this thank you bob thank you bob for distracting us

00:27:31
We were, you know, we were in our analyzes and then, you know, but I understand it with all those altcoins. And by the way, guys, what do you think about this thesis? We've got token 49. Do you think that some altcoins have been holding and pumping because of token 49? Because, you know, and do you think that while 49 is running, that a lot of altcoins will dump very hard? Or do you think about this one? I don't know. You guys tell me. How do you say that? Buy the news, sell the news. Buy the rumor, sell the news. How do you say that? Yes. Buy the rumor, sell the news. Okay. Okay. Well, what's it going to be? Are we going to get something like that tomorrow? Maybe. Together with GDP.

00:28:23
Maybe even before it. Pom, pom, pom, pom, pom down. Pom, pom, pom, pom down. Pom, pom, pom, pom down. Yes. So it could happen. It could happen. And if it happens, well, let's just say that this is one of those, you know, if this thing ramps up over here, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, this is one of those that could make you a lot of money. I'm just saying this could be one of those. Let's use the indie, you know, the Alpiman. This is the Alpiman style. He doesn't do it, by the way, because Alpiman doesn't trade. But let me show you the Alpiman way. The Alpiman way is, you know. This thing rises up, goes up more and more and more and more and more.

00:29:02
And then, you know, Alpiman waits for when this happens in the future. You know, this one, this candle, Alpiman. The problem with Alpiman is then he puts his sell order. Maybe if he does it over here, then it will not get hit. And then it goes down. Oh, I missed it again. That's Alpiman style. But let me show you. You have to always look like this. So when you see me getting bearish on a coin. Okay. No problem. The only thing that you have to do is don't risk, just wait. So this thing is pumping up now. This thing could pump up way more, just like Salsor said. It's new, fresh, whatever. But this indicator will be here in a matter of 10, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, it will be here.

00:29:46
And then you just wait for the confirmation. And then when you see that the momentum goes down, you short the call, but you have to be fast. There's a lot of volume on here, then you go in and as long as below it, you short the crap out of it, make a lot of money. I know it sounds crazy what I'm saying now, but if you just do this, you're gonna make a lot of money. Is it that easy? Mw, yes, it's that easy, yes, but it's that easy. Just wait for it; it goes below it, short it above it, out, that's it, that's it. That's it, you're gonna make a lot of money. So, let's see. Just as you said it, there's a token called Token on I just saw it on and look at the weekly chart of it.

00:30:37
No market update today; it's gonna be all about [shit] cones. You guys are right; who gives a crap about marketing on sideways anyway? I agree with you guys; it's all about altcoins now, what the long, what the short, um, oh beautiful token! But you know when you mentioned 49, that guy kind of popped up; yeah, I don't know what this token is, but you know you have to see you have to see like this guy. I was before I started this stream, I was eyeing some altcoins and I have to say, I know it sounds crazy. You just have to listen because it's like one week ago or maybe 10 days ago, I told you guys, listen, those coins that went up on the daily and they will come back into the Indian on the daily.

00:31:41
Those are the coins that you have to keep a look at. You have to watch those coins because those could pump very hard. Don't follow them, so. For example, this one. Let me give you, wait, not this one. Let me give you, let me show you this one, for example. Look, this one, above it, down, down, down. Then above it, this was the retest over here. And off she went. Let me show you another one. Look at XRP above it, down, down, down. Look how it's holding, holding, holding, holding. This is your entry. And off she goes. And you could enter it over here or enter it over here. It doesn't matter. Daily above the Indy. Retest it, boomed up! Look at car for example. We're going to talk about these coins in a moment.

00:32:24
Look at this; I'm just showing you for example. Look at this! Look above this is, you know, I told you about this when we were over here or maybe some points were over here so I told you already. Listen, guys! Now what you now have to focus on is the ones that are holding the indie on the daily; those are the ones you have to keep an eye on-those are the ones that could pop up just like you're seeing on this one. And let me show you another one. Look at this one. Same story: I told you about it over here. Above it, this spike up, comes back, retests the indicator, and off she went! Let me show you another one. And you can give me, look at this one.

00:32:58
This one is also beautiful. Look at this. Rejected, rejected, hold, hold, hold the line, and then up she goes. Now, look at this one. Here, same story. I told you over here already. Listen, guys, it goes up, it retests, and that's it. Look at this. It goes up, retest. You have to see it like this. The coins that I'm showing you now are the Korean coins. So these are just Koreans that I showed you now. But Koreans, you know, I'm already telling you, over here, I was already telling you, listen, guys, this is what they're going to do.

00:33:36
This is so bad. I cannot do the Chinese or Korean accent, by the way I suck at it but look at this guy's I told you it goes up re-tested by them off the indie and then up she goes, okay so let me go back, let me go back then we go to Altos uh do I have something to say more about this no, do I have something to say over here uh yes I want to show you guys dominance dominant only just uh little bit down over here and it's holding the line it's just super bullish so we're just getting rejected over here let's see what's gonna happen but listen guys, let me get back to the story about token, be very careful because most of the times when those big crypto events happen they dump at that same day.

00:34:28
You know when all those bullish people go to those parties, you know they get drunk, they take drugs-I don't think they're going to take drugs in Dubai; I don't hope so. They're going to get a lot of trouble if they do that. But, you know, they got a lot of drinks, you know, this and that. And then, you know, they just take profits on those days. It's just how it works. This is how it works. If you would go back in history, do some research, you'll see all the days on the events, big events-crypto events. You, I think 70, 80% of the times you'll see that. I hope it up. So be very careful with that one, by the way. Bitcoin, let me do bitcoin so bitcoin.

00:35:16
We are in the resistance zone, you see that we're struggling over here, so you see. Look, let's see struggle, struggle, struggle, struggle and you look. Also, how far we are from the indie? But let me say that Michael says that is really going bananas, Michael says he's buying crazy amounts of people. I tweeted about this, it's too much, no. We know that he buys, but he's pushing, he's really pushing. It's too much in my opinion, one point whatever billion dollar you know, all the money from from Michael's strategy, he's just this guy's crazy, this guy is really this guy's crazy and you know I think this will not end, he's he's. Just buying too much, you know you want to buy just buy no problem but he's buying way, way, way too Because you have to see it like this.

00:36:08
If he owns the most Bitcoin of everyone, at some point, people, they will envy him. They will hunt him. They will destroy him. If they can, you know, if some numbers come out, because he's also so crazy that he leveraged himself. He borrows money. He borrows money to buy Bitcoin. This guy is crazy. The guy is paying interest to pay, to buy Bitcoin. What are you doing? And, you know, at some point, if those liquidation numbers will come out and people know where to hunt him down, they will hunt him down. And they'll see him cry like a baby. Because he did it before. He was crying also when Bitcoin dumped last time at 15K. He was crying like a baby. But, you know, I respect you for buying Bitcoin.

00:36:59
Buy Bitcoin. Buy as much as you want if you're bullish on Bitcoin. But don't do it with leverage or with. Collateral or with money that you don't own, that's what he's doing, so then you'll you know they will target you and when they target you, they will destroy you. It's a dot-com bubble the simpler they will never accept you to you have to get filthy rich, Mr. Saylor, that you will get become them because you have to see like this. Because if suppose that Bitcoin would go to a million bucks, do you know how rich Michael Saylor will be at that point? He will be super rich, guys. Do you think that they will allow him to be that rich? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so.

00:37:44
But either way, in the meantime, who gives a F about Michael Saylor or who gives a F about Bitcoin at this point? It's all about the Koreans and the altcoins that are making two, three, four, five Xs out of nothing. So let me go to the altcoins. So what I got for you. I got for you the Koreans, what the Koreans are doing. So Koreans, first of all, What is this thing doing, by the way? Oh, it's still rising up. So this is super bullish, guys. Let me see. How are the funding rates on this thing? It's not yet on. You're talking about sign? It's not yet on. It's not yet on Coinalyze. But the tokenomics are crazy. Like it's 140 million market cap. 1 .

00:38:35
4 billion fully diluted yes no this is normal that's normal for a new coin it's normal it's normal to get some people in to wreck the crap out of them to destroy them financially then you know that's what they do potential now sorry oh you now see the girlfriend potential now I thought you would see it before. The team saw it directly. The team didn't even answer to me. They just shorted the crap out of it at that moment. They just made 3K out of my girlfriend. Those freaks. So basically, okay, what we're seeing is just this thing. But I see what's going on. Be very careful. The funding rates are flipping super, super, super red. Okay, be very careful, everyone, now. No, no, no, this wasn't, this wasn't.

00:39:31
On Blowfin, it's, you know, it's going like crazy at this moment. No, no, no, no, no, be very careful. Team, be careful, be careful, be careful, because it's flipping really, really super, super, super, super bearish now. Super Red, so it's now 0. 1, it's now 1.2. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, don't short this now. Don't short it, be very careful. Be very careful, though, because shorts now show. If you're in it, just just just just be very careful, this is too much, one point oh one point two, uh, this is too much, this is too much. So, so I would, I would you know how I would trade this if I would trade it and I'm gonna make a lot of money on it, how I would trade it, I would just put in orders at higher levels, you know, and if it spikes up with the fundings that's when you're gonna make money,

00:40:24
you know, and if it spikes even more up, you're also gonna make money, but you're gonna make money in a slower manner. But um, this is something also especially for the high volume traders uh group, uh, this is going to be oh by the way, I've got news about the high volume traders group, yes, because um, uh, something something is going on, something's going on, so um, because of uh, you see, you see, you see what happens, you see what happens you see what happens then it comes down then it comes down, you see that what happens they shake out, they shake out because funding rates go red and then they and then they

00:40:58
shake out, the things so now you have to now you have to be don't be greedy now just be patient, be patient, let them do their thing, and if you're in it, uh, reduce this is the style GTC style by the way guys, very important education today live trading, so what you do is listen; what you do is, if you're in it instead of closing it, don't close it. Reduce your position because of the funding. Just reduce it. But the problem is we cannot see the funding rates on the other exchanges now. So it's like you're a little bit blind now. So it's a little bit... you're blind. You cannot see what to do because you're blinded. So, this is basically the sad part of this.

00:41:44
You cannot analyze it the right way just like you want it. So, okay, so enough about this. So you've got this sign and then, okay. So first of all, very interesting to see XRP. The Koreans are very bullish on XRP, guys. The Koreans are really bullish on XRP. When the Koreans are very bullish on XRP, we should also focus on XRP. So especially for the high volume traders. High volume traders, be ready. Be ready. XRP, that's when you can go. Oh, by the way, I had news for the high volume traders. So basically what it was is, you know, you have to own $100,000 in funds, not trading of funds, to get into the training course. And then I've got like, what was it? 13 members.

00:42:26
I think it was 13 members. Yes. And then they told me, 'Listen, MW, it's, you know, we own much more money than that, by the way. But, you know, we are not feeling comfortable by.' By having like 300K, 500K just on one exchange. So is there any other way? And then I thought, okay, you guys are right. So I've changed something for the high trade. You have to show me that you have the past month or the past two months or three months together. I don't care. You have to show me that you do trade like 10 million plus volume in a month. So that's also making you a high volume trader. So if you trade.

00:43:07
10 million or more a month, you don't need that, so it's either you've got 100k plus or you have 10 million plus a month on trading volume, that will also get you in because that's basically um, what I did was uh, okay it was a little bit stupid of me to say 100k because there are people they, you know, they trade on high volume with 50k, you know, uh, you've got this high volume traders what they do is they just put in 50k on their account and they just go in very heavy and when needed they add money to their account because they don't want to keep that money on the exchange and yeah, okay I'm with you know, I'm with you because uh, only use money on an exchange that you need for trading if you don't need it just get it out on your cold wallet so that's that's that's the style

00:43:59
um, so yeah, so if you got 10 million uh 10 million trading volume is also i will also get you that into that group so xrp so be ready koreans are really bullish on on this one so um i'm gonna put my alarm over here let's see what is what what will happen but you have to be careful because now because it's a little bit double now um We need a retrace. We need a retrace. That's what I'm eyeing. But are we going to get that? Look at this. Look at XRP, for example, guys. Indie, rejected, rejected, hold. Look how it's holding on that Indie. Look at this. Let me remove all of this so that you can see it. Look at this. Look at this rounding. Look at this.

00:44:44
Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. Bang. This was the breakout. And then come back. And over here. Hold, hold, hold. This was to retest. Then up again, down again, retest again, and up she goes. Oh, my God. This is beautiful. This is beautiful trading. This is beautiful trading. And especially if I already told you about, you know, this happening over here. I already told you about it over here or over here. I said it. I told you, guys, be prepared. This is what is going to happen. And then it goes up.

00:45:27
This Chinese, what is he, a blogger, vlogger, or whatever it is he is. He goes, look, people cooking, and then he's, 'Hi-ya', 'Hi-ya'. So let me see, okay. I should make the same videos just like this Chinese, but about people in trading, you know, these technical analysts. I just watch their trading analyzes, and then I do my 'Hi-ya', 'Hi-ya'. I think something like that, so by the way, guys. Uh, so carve it, keep an eye on. Cough, also by the way, if you're looking at these numbers, I think this is a MW. What are these numbers that you're pointing out to us over here? So, this is basically what you're seeing over here: 200 market cap, 400 for little market, but also you guys see the result.

00:46:11
You have to keep an eye on our car. Uh, uh uh safe, and they also you know cash. Guys, Akash is a solid project; let me just say this: Akash is really a super super solid fundamental project. I love Akash by the way, but Akash dumped like crazy. By the way, but Akash holding the box perfectly over here. So, the ones that took this trade, congrats to you because if it if I'm seeing over here a box, it means that I shared it. But look at this: Akash could make some nice moves, so keep an eye on Akash and then we got this one, guys. Oh, this I love this one; this is Pundi. I know you know Pundi for the old dogs and crypto Pundi. I made so much money on Pundi.

00:47:01
Uh, Pundi uh Pundi is a crazy coin, guys. You Know we have been trading uh before this I need another chart why am I not seeing Pundi is an old dog uh Pundi, USDT. Why only BTC? Pundi has got much more history. How is this possible? Why am I not finding any Pundi? It's very strange. Pundi is all dark. I traded a lot of Pundi before this. Maybe they delisted it. Anyway, the Koreans are on it. Now you got this mocha. Already talked about this one. Remember? The short over here. Congrats. Back to the button. So, and then we had salsa. What is the story about GST? Well, this was the coin that was voted for the most on the post of GTC Insider. Okay. Okay. So you guys are loving GST.

00:48:10
Well, I love the fact that it's Tron related. Um GTC okay but you know we had the pump, see bump flip flip flip flip boom boom boom and now you need you need to retest so uh yeah it's this is too dangerous for me to be bullish about this coin if you want to trade on a four hour I saw it you can trade it on the four hour look at this pump up boom boom boom boom boom hold hold hold boom boom so this is your entry basically this, so it might make another big move up. So this is about GST. So as an investment, I'm not really trading. You can trade it. How is Honey doing, by the way? Oh, Honey, Honey, Honey. Oh, Honey. Honey's looking horrible.

00:48:55
Oh, it's testing the daily travel. It might be your day. So, oh, by the way, this one, this Sonic, by the way. uh this sonic has got an event coming up that's what i saw i think that sonic has got an event going on and this layer is somehow related to the sonic so layer is somehow related to this sonic by the way this layer i you know i've done some just just read a little bit about a layer i thought to myself what is what is this layer actually doing and what they have is they have this credit card visa card so the whole hype going up let me let by the way

00:49:45
guys keep an eye on this sonic because this sonic before we go to lay a little wait a minute wait a minute because this sonic is sonic and i think this one is also on the koreans are on it why am i wrong wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute i need to give you guys some solid info But if they got some, if these guys have got something coming up, this is Sonic, not the FTM, the other Sonic, so the SVM, this one I'm talking about. The tokenomics are really horrible, but they've got something coming up. There's something going on with this. They've got some events. Either way, this layer, so this layer, they got this Visa card. Who gives a F? Everyone has got a Visa app.

00:50:43
You know, if I would launch CrabCoin, I call Visa. Listen, Visa, I want to collaborate with you. Yeah, so what are you going to do? So I want to spend, I'm going to build a platform where people can buy. flip their crypto into fiat and you know buy with it on visa visa tells okay how much are you gonna pay me i'm gonna give you like you know i'm gonna give you like 50 on fees of every transaction that much yes okay why not then boom crap coin visa card do you got a big community yes i have will they all use it yes they will will they credit yes they will great let's

00:51:31
do it so basically this is what layer is doing so they've got they've got they've got this they've got this card and everyone is hyping oh just wait for it just wait for it yes to wait for it let me tell you let me tell let me give you guys an example of one of the first ones in crypto that you know that had a successful a super super successful credit card in collaboration with with at that time with with with with with buy-ins it was swipe look at this you know i swipe is one of the coins that i made the most money on up and down look at swipe let me show you so this is by the way in my opinion the most successful uh crypto credit card supplier out there This one.

00:52:27
This one. By the way, I traded this. I told this story already. I went all in on this coin. I went all in over here. Crazy times. But listen, guys. Look at this. This is, in my opinion, the most successful credit card, whatever, crypto credit cards. They're the best in whatever it is. Look where they went. Look where they are. And they're still there. They never, you know, and you have to see their card is still working. You still can get this swipe. Look where they are. So this will take us to Layer. Where is Layer? You know, I said I was not going to talk about Layer anymore, but, you know, you guys keep telling me, oh, where is your Layer? Oh, Layer, it's still romping up. It's still romping up.

00:53:14
Look at Layer. Look at layer. Everyone wants to know layer, layer, layer, layer. So you want layer. Okay, here's layer. So layer. Uh layer this is this is what is going on so layer over here we had this you know when I flipped Alc to to layer we had this one and I told you guys it's holding the four hour in the it's super bullish be careful and then it started bumping up up up up up up up up up up and it's still going up this thing is going bananas. So this thing is, I don't know if that very wealthy, wealthy retail firm member is still on this short or he didn't go out over here and decrease it with some 60, 70, 80%. I don't know what he's doing.

00:53:54
But either way, this thing is ramping up like crazy. But, you know, let me tell you this. This will be one of the biggest dumps in crypto history, in my opinion, this thing, because there is zero, zero, zero, zero reason for this thing to pump. The only reason that I can imagine for myself now is that there are too many shorts building up on this coin and still holding their shorts. This is the only explanation that I have why this thing is still holding and going up in this force. That's the only explanation that I have, is that there are just too many shorts opened and the exchanges are pushing this up. It's just the exchanges themselves because they just don't want.

00:54:40
Uh, the the shorts to get paid, that's it, but you know that's why; if you do it, the GTC still guys, you can push this up to four bucks, five bucks, no problemo, no problemo. We will wait; we have all the time. It's there and you know until the alarm goes off, bang boom, and down she is. Because how this thing is pumping up-this is just force pump without any reason. There's zero reason for this going to pump up to these levels, and by zero, I really mean zero, zero reason for this thing. So basically, also what I think for now, for now, what I think is between the 3. 2; so this region between the 3. 2 and the 3.

00:55:22
3 I think that this is the next really level uh where where where the best might uh step in heavy over here this zone over here so I think that we are very close we've got maybe what is it left we've got maybe what is 3-4% left. I think that the bears will step in very hard over here. But at some point, what's going to happen is that these wallets that are holding this, in my opinion, just a crap coin, this thing will dump super hard. This thing will dump as hard as a rock. So they can push it up, whatever it is. They're playing the leverage game, trying to flush out the greedy retailers. Uh, the shortest that don't know how to short, also by the way, and at some point this thing will this thing will crash down very, that's just my opinion, that's what I think will happen.

00:56:15
So basically you have to see like this if this thing gets over here, uh if it dumps down to the Indiana four hour this will be you know all the, you have to see like this so let me put on the far so you explain, so you have to see like this, I'm telling you the the team style, so what they took on profits over here they started filling over here, so they're filling now, now so what they took on money over here they're filling in on these levels and also over here, what if this thing comes over here and comes back to the indie again. They will what they filled in in this block; they will take the profits over here so the profits the remaining so the ones that the the the the amount that's in the red from here those they will hold.

00:57:04
They will hold just for the big dump. But this rise up, if this thing comes back to the 280 or whatever, then this they will take out. This money, this is profits, this is money. They bank it and they take it out just in case if they want to push it again higher. So if they're going to leave this money, because the DCA, they're like more than 70%, 80% already in. That's done. So it's now. What they're doing is retrace, they sell it, they take profits from over here just to make sure that if this thing wants to make another leg up, they will start filling it in over here again. So this is the style and what they have been filling up over here, they're just holding it, this position is just a huddle; they will not cash this in, they will not take any losses from there.

00:57:54
So the only thing is what they do is just like they have been doing from the beginning, by the way, and just like explained also on Leverage Trading Course 4. 0 this will fill up take profits fill up take profits they fill up they take profits they fill up they take profits so and this is also how they are hiring up their entry every time up up up up up up up up up up up up up until this is gonna happen until you're gonna see this because this is gonna happen it's not this is gonna happen. So it's a little bit there, you know, they're trying to exhaust people. They're trying to exhaust people that don't know how to trade this or people that are shorting. They're trying to exhaust them.

00:58:40
You cannot exhaust the team. Yeah, you can exhaust them maybe if you're going to make a 10x from here. But, you know, we all know that that chance is 0. 01%. But so it's now just, you know, you just have to have patience and just. Take profits on when it retests and fill up when they pump it, just like they're pumping it now, so this is the style. This is just a matter of patience, but you have to see like this: it's like I told you, this is just one position; you don't only focus on layout and you know, I get a feeling that a lot of people who just only focus on layer, layer, layer because I don't even want to talk about that.

00:59:21
It's just that the short is there and they're doing their thing, and yeah, it's gonna pay out very big; I know that already, you just have to do it the MW style. So for the ones that weren't in the live stream yesterday, what a beauty, what a this is beautiful guys, these Koreans really They listen to me. They just listen to me, those Koreans. Look at this. This is beautiful. This is actually exactly just like I explained it. I told you, you've got this line over here, and then what comes together with it is this red box, because this is also a resistance. So you've got resistance and the line come together. Look at this. This was during the live, by the way, while I was doing the live yesterday. Money.

01:00:17
Money. Money, money, so um also uh, I wanted to show you guys by the way, also Eliza, yes where's Eliza? Where is my, where's my new girlfriend, where is she is. There, she is. Look, look at Eliza. Look this was yesterday, by the way, guys. We're talking about Eliza, told you I told you, I told you, and this was, by the way also. Perfect example when i'm I'm showing you how to make freaking money. Above the Indy. Retest. Up. Retest. Up. It's that simple. You just have to do it. Look at this. Especially when you see me not being bearish or giving you signals that are bearish or whatever. You know, some warnings, helmet calls, whatever. And when you see me not sharing that. Big chance that this could happen.

01:01:17
Look at this. Eliza. It was at some point, it was at 800%. 800% at some point. Look at this. Just doubled in price. Doubled in price. 100% on the spot. Eliza. She's a very cheap girlfriend, by the way. She doesn't want nothing. Nothing. Everything is free with her. She doesn't need anything. And she makes you money also. So I can share my girlfriend with you guys. You can all have her. Here she is. Eliza. Not now. Now it's too late. But she's over here. And also the ladies that are interested in Eliza. She's my girlfriend. You can have her. Here she is. I will share her with everyone. Eliza. So Eliza. Keep an eye on Eliza. Oh, my God. Eliza will be listed on an update with the Koreans. Oh.

01:02:13
So keep an eye on Eliza. So the profits have been taken, by the way. So, yeah, whatever. Let's see. Let's see how she's going to do. So that was virtuals, by the way. Oh, virtuals. Look at virtuals, guys. Look at virtuals. Cheers is just going. You have to keep in mind that when virtuals start romping, you have to keep in mind that all those other ones building on virtuals, you know, they might bump or fall or not, I think, but like this one. They will probably pump. So the ones that didn't pump, like this one, keep an eye on this one. Look at this one. Same story. Up, come back, retest it. But she didn't leave the station yet. So keep an eye on swarms. Let me show you this one.

01:02:59
What's going on with this one? It's a bit too high. Let me see. What do we got in this AI? Travel, if you're in here, what am I missing? AIXPT. Oh, this one. What am I missing? Yeah, AIXPT is heading into some nasty resistance over here. But yeah, Virtuos is going. So this one. Look at this one. We shorted this, by the way. Look at this. Whoa. This is really mind-blowing, guys. Look at this. This short. Whoa, 93%. This is madness. This is really madness. But this is something strong. Do we got more trouble, Evan? Yeah, AIXP, I know. So, okay. Then we're going into, how is Fartone doing, by the way? Yes, it's MW for sure telling you that 120, 130 is resistance, and then it dumps down.

01:03:53
So it's just fighting over here. So I was not doing. Oh, Trumpy, Trumpy there. This is, by the way. The Trump Foundation taking some profits. So this is retrace on that one. Guys, can you give me, can you give me, no, I have to go to Sui. It's time for Sui. Sui. No, not Sui, Sei. Sei, Sei, Sei, sorry. Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei. Let me go to Sei. Let me go to Sei, guys. Let me go to Sei. It's time for Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei. Come on, we are at Sei. Let me use the max. CTR, let me use the next CTR, say. So basically, say is getting, I thought it's something about Trump Foundation buying say, you know, we cannot trust Trump Foundation, but you can trust them when it's at the bottom.

01:04:51
When someone shills you over here, say, or here, just don't listen to it, but you know, over here, so say is making already, already, already say. It's already up six; it's not so bad, not so bad, not so much so for the ones interested in saying this is the next resistance level over here 30 cents, this is your leader, so you still got like 30 to go and you can trade this thing on high volume by the way, this is no there's a lot of volume on this coin, so you can you can you can you can go big on this one so only thing what you have to do respect the indicator look at this look at this beauty look what I'm showing you guys look above it above it hold hold out in again boom retest boom retest boom retest boom reader see it could be insane from over here boom out out out out out and there we go again It's that simple.

01:05:59
So that's it. So if you're interested in, say, this is the next resistance level, by the way, guys, be very careful. But, you know, I have to keep, you know, I'm having like a nasty, nasty feeling. It's nasty. First of all, we've got GDP tomorrow, but we also got this token 49 tomorrow. So this is a little bit of a nasty taste in my mouth. So be careful with those bullish ones. be careful respect the indie and if you see any danger put the indiana five minute 15 minutes when you see it get invalid just take the damn money out now just take it out who cares there will be trades every day there will be bottoms every day there will be money flowing in other coins every day so it's don't think that you're missing out on some and even if you miss a bounce up you protected your capital that's this is something people don't understand This is something for the beginners course.

01:06:56
If you made a decision to protect your capital and a coin jumped up after you took profits, or even if you went out at breakeven, you protected your capital. That was your decision. Your decision was, okay, I'm not going to risk it over here. So you protected your capital. So that's. So you didn't miss the pump. No, you protected your capital. That's what you did. So you survived to live another day. This is the mindset of a professional and a gain trader. But if you like this, let me give you an example. So let's say you went in over here at the confirmation over here, and then over here, okay, you thought this, okay, I'm going out. I'm seeing some bearish signs on the market. You went out. And then, well.

01:07:48
You were right because it came down. So we're happy. And then it went up. And then, oh, I could have made more money. I could have made so much more money. Oh, I should have stayed in. I should have stayed in. I should have stayed in. It means that you're an amateur. You're going to get wrecked. You're just a future. On your forehead, you've got 'wrecked'. Wrecked. You're going to get wrecked. It's not if. You're going to get wrecked. Just when. Tomorrow, the day after, next week. You're going to get wrecked. Because if you own this feeling, if you're trading or investing in crypto and you own this feeling, so everyone in this live stream, ask yourself, do I have this feeling? If you have it, you're going to get wrecked.

01:08:35
It's that simple. If you have this feeling that I just showed you here, you're going to get wrecked. Yeah, but you will not read this in a book. You know, you cannot read this in a book. You're not going to read this in a book. But let me tell you, if you have this feeling, you're going to get wrecked. It's the same over here. For example, you went into a short over here. You made some money over here, you know. And then you saw some signs connecting some dots that markets could bump up and bounce up. So you decided to just take all the money out over here. You made big profits and then

01:09:18
you were right; it went up, up, up, and up, and you weren't on the chart, so you couldn't see that we had this second bearish retest on the indie; you didn't see that; you don't have to see everything; and then this thing made another one; I should have stayed in the short; oh, I didn't; I didn't; I'm so stupid; you are a futuristic wrecked trailer if you have that feeling Because this is the exact feeling that will distract you from making gains. Because you'll get emotional; You will get greedy; You will make mistakes; You're going to do like, you're going to do; you just got to make bad trades; You don't care; You don't follow the rules anymore. Nothing you care about anymore. It's just, you just go in and, you know, you don't know what you do.

01:10:05
Now you get totally wrecked and then you're, you know, you're done. So everyone who owns this feeling, please, guys, please, guys, when you see that you could have made more gains, you have to always keep in your mind that you could also own more losses. This is the mindset. So when you analyze a trade and you follow the rules and you do it the good way and you made profits and the possibility that you could make more profit that will. happen after it you always have to keep in mind okay well you know i could have made more profits but but i could also made less profits or even losses i i made a decision there so forget about it that's it go to the next focus on the next game don't go think about what could or could not happen i hope you know i repeated myself maybe like four or five times if i'm talking to some how do they say this to some retard or whatever they call it but it's important i want you to understand this i want you to really really really really understand this i want you to to get this into

01:11:30
it's it's so important so okay where do we got more where do we go so let's see what what's going on what's going before i'm going to close it up so first of all let me go To the US 500, is it pushing still? Yes, it's pushing as expected because you know it's just it's just textbook uh trading on the US 500. Uh, forget about the indicator by the way then don't even like it this is just textbook. This is just uh pre-pumping the event so GDP is coming so uh they're just people it's just what they do. These guys are just, you know, so what they're doing is they're dumping the VIX. You see the VIX. Yes, you see this. They're greedy. They want more money.

01:12:08
So they're, you know, they're pushing the VIX down. And while pushing the VIX down, they're pushing the US 500. It's just that simple. It's no science. It's no, you know, it's just, you know, you know, if there is one chart I can trade very good, it's this chart. You know, I don't even have to think about it and just look at it. And a lot of times I know where it's going. I just know. I don't even have to put my indicator. I know where it's going. So this is just what they're doing. Let's see the DXY. DXY is dumping down. Okay, well, whatever. Euro is going up. And GPY is also finding some momentum. So it's just textbook. Let me see what is Bitcoin doing.

01:12:47
Bitcoin is just like the markets trying to follow the markets up. That's just what they do. Wall Street is just ruling crypto. So, OK, use 500 up, Bitcoin up. So they're just going on a way. Just let's see. Let's see. Let's see. So we're really, you know, you have to see like this. You cannot be bearish as long as this is going on. You just can't be bearish, so even if you got a candle down there is a very very high possible probability that they will you know push it up. By the way, guys, I'm still on my you know, the ones that I bought in over here um, I was yesterday, I looked at it, I'm still uh 65 percent in, so 35 is out.

01:13:28
It has been hit unstoppable, some altcoins you know, out of the sudden they dumped pretty hard and they hit my, my take profit level, so uh 65 is still in, so let's see, let's see, let's see tomorrow. I think tomorrow they will all go up. I think everything is out. I think that tomorrow with Token 49 happening at the event, I think that everything got, I think that tomorrow also with GDP, I think uh, I think a little bit of volatility and then all those coins will, will get hit, that's what I think. I think by tomorrow, I think 90 will be out, and uh yeah let's see what we're gonna do so uh right away how are those how are those other coins doing um, that we just talked about, how's Sign doing?

01:14:11
Our Sign is still holding the line over here okay, so Sign is just signing, so uh whether we talk about more, we talked. About just the okay or whatever, uh deep is printing, uh Eliza, we're waiting for the retrace that's about it guys so just, uh keep none of those on these coins if you want to trade with the Koreans, guys. It's Akash, it's Akash, safe, it's Drift, it's ID, it's Carve and XRP for the high volume traders if you want to kill it, so these are the coins uh that I'm seeing the Koreans are really ramping up the volume on them so um let me see, do I got some questions over here,

01:15:03
this this what is this, what is this all right we got l pink over here, L Pinky, L Pinky thank you MW for teaching us everything including mindset no more would have could have should. Have thank you so much. Pinky uh, thank you so much. What do you have away a lot? Small profits usually better than always waiting for the big one. I prefer that style in and out yeah, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy 12, 11. So uh, what are we gonna do? We got some questions, uh, no, we got Mark heading into a little bit late, oh, we got Urban, oh Erwin is in Spain so I hope you guys are safe, I hope that you guys have got is it solved, uh, so I hope it's solved that you guys got some electricity.

01:15:46
So it was really a nightmare, you know? I was pretty shocked when that happened and you know, I still don't know how what caused it but it was very, very, very scary. And I think that it's solved now. They found the problem. Otherwise, this could also crash the markets. This was one of those things that could crash the markets. So a lot of people think that wars crash markets. No, wars don't crash markets. They bump markets. But these events like blackouts out of Southern, these things create These things create blackouts. So that's about that. S had their conference on the 6th of May. Yes. So this S, do you mean by S, FTMX or Sonic? I think you mean Sonic. Crap call with the crap guy. Let's see. Yeah.

01:16:48
I remember the Pundi X phone back 2000. Yeah, the Pundi X is an old coin. It's really old. I know. But you know what I don't understand is that Pundi X used to have a lot of zeros. So I think they, I don't know, they burned maybe some coins, you know, and if I'll change something on my long ETF, I will let you guys know in time. I was still waiting for 70. It's not me waiting. You have to act based on what the charts are giving either way I have no idea where where dominance will go uh uh you know so as you know it's I have no clue I have no clue

01:17:25
what dominance is heading into I hope that it will go to 70 but it doesn't have to uh I want to show you that this where we are now is this is also resistance over here this one so we're already getting rejected over here and you have to also see it like this we already had one look at this one two three four five six seven eight nine nine almost nine green candles this thing needs to come down in my opinion because this is the resistance zone for now before we gotta talk about 70. This is the resistance that only reaches here and this could create a huge outcome rally and that's also why I told you guys listen uh watch those daily Indy, watch it. If it gets back into it, drop up.

01:18:16
And the perfect scenario would be if the markets will make that retrace down and Bitcoin will make that retrace down. Let me show you. This is the most bullish, bullish, bullish, bullish scenario. If this thing would come down to the, for example, to the 50 over here, you can make a lot of money on a bounce up. Or if this thing will do something like that and then come down back over here, find some support again over here, maybe even break through it. I don't know. But only you move from here to here with dominance retracing on this level over here, just back to this level. This could make you, this could just 10x your portfolio in a matter of days. That's how fast it goes when that FOMO hits in.

01:19:06
So this is how you connect the dots. Well, what I'm eyeing, but I'm waiting for it because we're now at resistance. So, you know, if Bitcoin would just hold the line over there and this thing also dumps down over here, this could also create like a 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 20, 21, very fast. I don't know. You have to eye it. You have to see what's going on. We're now at resistance. This is what I pointed out. So not 70%. 70% is first is 65%, 60, 60. So this is. This is what we're eyeing. So that's about that. So that's it for me for now. Yeah, well, if you don't hear me tomorrow, do you guys want me to just go record all those chillers out there and just post it on Twitter?

01:20:01
I just record them and then I just post them all on Twitter. This is what they're doing. If I'm going, guys, keep in mind, if I'm going, I'm going for us. I'm not interested in networking with anyone, to be honest. I'm just not interested. If I wanted to network, I would have done it years ago. Because most of the people that go to that place go for networks. That one wants to make money with that one. That one wants to make money with that one. That one wants to make money from that one. That's how it works on those events. So I don't give a crap about that network. I'm interested in us. And what do I mean by us? I need to find those Koreans.

01:20:42
I need to find those Koreans that are ramping up. And I already know a lot, but I want to know more. So I need to break the code. Basically, what you guys need to know for me, I need to break the code. What I want is I want to know. Before those KRW pairs get created, I want to know which ones are, for example, on the list to be added. You know, we're not going to trade with, you know, this is just false. We don't do that. But at least, just like Binance does, for example, or Coinbase, they make a list of coins. These are possible coins that we could list. So when I have that list, you know, and I've got some people that can help me find that list, maybe you guys can find it online, by the way.

01:21:31
But, you know, I want it, you know, I want it. That's the main reason why I'm going to that event. That's the main reason, number one. Because I need to find the right people there. Let's see. Because I'm going there so I can, you know, so I can give you guys the story, you know, the alpha to, you know, to make even more gains. So maybe to be early you know not because that way we don't trade on the indicator we don't use the indicator that way we're going to do a whole other style of trading and buy it will be it will be it will be it will be it will be super super honest style of try of trading so but let's see let's see let's see let's see oh don't don't record the top dog no don't record the snakes and rats okay well let's see let's see let's see let's see Okay, guys, thank you so much.

01:22:21
Have a nice one. Keep an eye on the charts. Trade the Indy. Do as, you know, please just do as I'm showing you guys. And if you're still unsecure and you think, okay, well, MW, you show us, but they just, you know. I think and I hope that, you know, the beginner's course is going to start. It's going to start either way, the coming days. So keep an eye on GTC Insider. You will find some info on there. Very, very. very very very soon have a nice one thank you all for watching.
*** Live Stream 05-01-2025 What are the Koreans Pumping Next *** 

00:00:02
Welcome, welcome, RetoFirm MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto GTC. Welcome, RetoFirm. Welcome into the stream. Yes, live stream. We're going to talk about the markets. We just had GDP coming in below expected. As you guys can see, well, the market is not liking that. So we're dumping a bit now over here. So be very careful with your longs. So that's what we're seeing over here. See this is basically what I put it here. This was the JDB and that's what we're seeing now, by the way guys, so this Dumpy over here from the indicator down and it's going down. But as you guys know before any numbers you are already told you that I'm bearish and I think that we have to come down and then you know, basically, What happens is the news comes after it most of the times.

00:00:52
Oh, it's just what it is. It's just what it is. So Let's see if they're going to hold the indicator on the 4-hour, hold this support level over here. If this thing will lose support over here, by the way, guys, and we go down more, be very careful. So be very careful with your longs because those could get destroyed. Also, Bitcoin, by the way, how is Bitcoin reacting to this? Well, Dominus is going up. How is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is also not liking this. But, you know, guys, as you guys can see, we hit into this resistance line and, you know, it just stays over there. It just stays over there. And, you know, it's just like when, you know, like I showed you yesterday on the Indy, they stay there, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, then they ramp up.

00:01:36
And this is the opposite of that, actually. So what you're seeing over here is sometimes it's, you know, hold, hold, hold, hold, and then down. But I have to say that Bitcoin is holding pretty strong for now while this one is nosediving. So this one is nose down but you know we hit it over here; we didn't even, also uh was a bit uh, look I was looking at um, it was a little bit you know, a little bit I saw that it's not really uh you know the power that we're seeing from Wall Street, I was not seeing it because normally uh we should have been over here and this was yesterday, a little bit of pathetic you know; I said okay why is this thing not pushing like this candle over here.

00:02:21
Normally what we would see, we would see walls pushing this to here and then dump it down, but they did it. So they just, you know, they broke above, they're just chopping around over here. And now, you know, after the news, you know, I also don't get it. What do people expect? Do you expect good news with Terraforce, with whatever is going on in the world, inflation, DXY? Do you actually expect, you know, I don't know. Look at this thing. Oh, it's going hard now. It's going hard. Don't ask me, MW, are you in the US 500 short? Of course I am. Of course I am. Of Course I am. But I hope that this thing would have hit this one, to be honest. So this is something that is a little bit different.

00:03:13
So welcome, welcome, familia. Welcome fam welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome so yeah it was a big day I took you with me to Token 49 in Dubai so I took you with me a little bit I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I know you guys probably want to know a lot about that so I'm gonna say something about it in a moment and then we'll head into the charts because that's the most important part, guys, that's the most important part. So what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got how it was. I'm going to tell you. Trevor, we've got Tram, we've got Supak, Pedro, Ziggy, Mark. We've got Leon, we've got Kier, Jeff, Blaze. Broodje Frikandel for lunch. Lekker, joh. I don't know.

00:03:58
Are you eating that? I don't eat that, by the way, bro. You know, if you're eating it, well, I hope you like it. Alika Bear is in the house. Akib. What have I got? What have I got? We've got Craig, we've got Elfroyan and Luca. Rex a bracket Daniel Karima sees we got Elena in the house Mom and Ollie spaceman. We got del vision. I got more Ziggy exclaro Altamont Marissa harmonia Biggie Christian riff Bob JJ. Yeah, but our top dog is in the house We got GTC One Pluses in the house. We got El Floriano. So, Salswa in the house. Salswa with a trend. Walid, Grizzly, Ellen, Andrea, Sylvia, Scott Sata. Oh, my God. I love it. You know, Scott Sata. I just like that name. Danny Dix.

00:05:01
We got Riff Pop, Lazy Bear, Crypto Fiori, Pip, Flakes FT, BTC Boomer, Get Action. Josh Timothy Straub. Timothy Straub. Timothy Straub. My name is Timothy Straub. I love it. So it's still dumping. It's still dumping over here. And Bitcoin is holding pretty strong. Remarkable. Brilliant. For now, Bitcoin is really holding super strong. I'm Sadiq Sway, acting on this news. Also not liking this a lot okay okay okay yeah let's see this new guy, I have to analyze it myself. Also by the way so I need to see what's going on so uh so token 49 yes guys so uh first of all it was super hot warm also inside um so I was there uh pretty early it was fine uh but you know around you know like two hours later These guys sold too many tickets.

00:06:06
It was just too overcrowded. It was just too much. A lot of people, doors open, air conditioning not able to cool the place. And I think that also Token49, I just don't get it. Why didn't they do the event on a bigger place? So it was pretty small and it was, you know. You couldn't even talk to someone because there was just no space. And if you're going to sell this number of tickets, at least go to a big place where people at least can talk to each other and hear each other. So it was super overcrowded, very hot, and you couldn't move. So, I definitely don't like that, I just don't like that, so you know if you go early it's good because you can do your thing and then after when the crowd comes in, you just go out, so yeah, let's see.

00:07:10
But I think that most of these guys, also because I was invited to a lot of after parties, whatever, I told them that's not my style, guys, I'm no, I'm no after party guy, I've you know, I've had those years in my life, it's, I'm too old for that crap. But it's uh. So basically, that's it. I was looking for the Koreans. So there are no Koreans over there. Let me just say it like this. And also, it was a little bit disappointing to me, this event, to be honest, because you know, I was expecting a lot of new projects out there promoting whatever some new technologies and doing whatever it is. But you know at the end of the road, it's always the same.

00:07:53
Just like I'm always saying, it's about the money, and I think that the tag in crypto. It's a little bit dying. Yeah, I have to be honest with you. It's a little bit dying because you know, there were a lot of exchanges out there promoting their exchanges. So, all the exchanges that I know in the world actually so they were like, 'you know that's it' and 'you know and 'you got some, some metaverse projects well you know you guys know how I feel about metaverse and NFTs and whatever so not interested and so that's it. I haven't seen any exciting, and then, and then you had this OKX stage where you had all these people, I made a picture for you guys someone explaining how terrorists impact the crypto markets well you guys know.

00:08:41
Let me just tell you this, guys. There's nothing, there's nobody out there that could tell me something new that I don't know already. That's basically it. So, you know, it's, you know, these events are more about networking, you know, everyone, you know, changing cards, changing telephone numbers, changing. telegram accounts etc so it's just connecting with each other these people because also let me be honest with you i you know i spoke to a lot of people there and you know my first question to them was uh well are you triggered there are no trainers out there i couldn't find any trigger most of the people that are out there you know they're either marketing people they're eating uh you know there was one guy he asked me he told me listen So, what do you do?

00:09:42
Where do you keep your funds? Do you keep them in Ethereum, in Solana, in Bitcoin? I told him, I keep them in USDT, and I flip my USDT into fiat, and then I keep my money. For example, I invest in forex, in yen. I flip to yen. I flip to silver, gold, oil, etc. That's how I like to keep my money safe. He told me. Don't you own any Bitcoin? I told him no. He was shocked. He was shocked. He was just shocked. I told him, what's going on over here? Why is this guy shocked? These guys, people that are out there, they come from all over the world. You got a lot of this management, management investors. By the way, a lot of Dutch people are also over there.

00:10:38
And, you know, I just don't get it. I just, you know, it's, you know, I think I'm, you know, I'm the worst person to go to events like this. I'm really the worst person to go to events like this. You know, I'm, you know, I just don't get it. For me, for me, so my honest opinion is I think that that place is more for networking. So, you know, whatever. So networking, that guy is an influencer there and he's an influencer there. Okay, you get to know each other. Okay, maybe collaboration, et cetera. So for me, that's not going to work because I'm anonymous. So nobody will ever know who I am. So it's out there. It's more, this is the relations.

00:11:19
And a lot of food, a lot of drinks, a lot of food, a lot of, you know, whatever. So that's why I also tweeted when I was leaving, like, what am I doing here? You know, I just, I just, I just, I don't know. Oh, by the way, I saw, let me, let me, let me give you guys some, the people that you guys know. Who did I see? I saw Ren over there. He was together with this, what is his name again? Paul? I think Paul, you know, this English guy. No, this Heath Paul, you know, the Paul or whatever. So he was sitting doing a chat with him. I saw George. We're all George. I'm George. I saw some exchange directors. I saw some influences out there.

00:12:10
I saw some, basically, that's it. It was a bit, you know, my dreams to meet BitBoy. That would be the highlight for me at that event. But I didn't meet BitBoy. You know, I want to meet BitBoy. That's my icon. You know, that's my Iron Man, Superman. That's BitBoy. BitBoy would escape. So I wanted to see BitBoy. I didn't see BitBoy. What a disappointment. I'm going to cry. So, you know, I had my, you know, I wanted to sell, I wanted a picture with BitBoy. So BitBoy was not there. No, so I didn't see him at least. Wasn't BitBoy in jail? Was he going to jail, whatever? You know, you can say whatever you want about BitBoy, you know, but I love BitBoy.

00:12:57
You guys, You know, I love, I think, but I don't know if he's in jail, but I love BitBoy, guys. And you know why I love BitBoy? Whatever it is that he was doing, but, you know, the way that he did things and those aggressive, you know, when he got aggressive, when he got mad, shouting, because, you know, I love that about him. But, you know, you have to come to a conclusion because, you know, I also was talking to some big names out there on the event. What is crypto all about? It's very simple. Crypto is about making money. That's it. That's it. It's about making money. And how do you make money? Well, you make money by buying low, selling high, or shorting or loaning. That's how you make money in crypto.

00:13:47
That's it. Everything else is a fairy tale, whatever. So my focus is always on that. If you would follow my live streams or my tweets, I'm only talking about how to make money. You know, I don't care if it's today, it's Ethereum. Tomorrow, it's Solana. Then it's XRP. Then it's Fartcoin. I don't care. I'm only focused on making money. That's the only focus that I have in crypto. But when you go to those events and you see a lot of big names and people in crypto, that's not what it's about. It's about marketing. It's about, you know, I don't know, you know, maybe I already said too much, but, you know, that's just my honest opinion. So, you know, there is nobody out there that, you know, you know, I ask like three or four persons.

00:14:37
What do you think about the Koreans? Koreans? What are you talking about? What is it? Are you not seeing what the Koreans are doing? No. What are they doing? This is madness, guys. This is crazy. So, what are you doing there? I understand now why I don't go to these events. You know, it's just, in my opinion, one big, you know, if you, I understand that, you know, like, like, you know, influencers go to these events because why? Because they connect to each other and they, you know, you have to see it like this is one big circle and then they go discuss with each other. How can we grow? How can we more in this and this? Let's collaborate. Let's do this. So it's all, you know, the entertainment show.

00:15:24
Because there was one guy, he told me this. He told me, listen, it's just one entertainment show. And it's also what, unfortunately, a lot of people in crypto-they like. They like to go. They just like the shows, the giveaways, the drama, the soap series, the this, the that. They just love this. People love this. And if they would just use their healthy minds, they should, okay. If I want entertainment, I just put on Netflix or or whatever, I'm gonna watch myself a quality show, whatever, uh, so why are you wasting your time in crypto? In crypto, if you want to waste, if you want to go into crypto, focus on what matters most is how to protect your capital, how to make money, how to trade, how to know what to buy when to sell, that's that's what it's all about.

00:16:17
There's nobody out there talking about that. The only thing that I was hearing like, listen, we got a great after-party later, you should really come, I'm not here for the parties, guys. Okay, enough so that was, that was about, about, about token 49. And, well, that's basically it. For me, personally, it was a big disappointment. And then, you know, I was walking, walking. There was one, like, you know, VIP area. So I think that there, you know, the big names and et cetera, they were hiding there in some rooms doing whatever it is they do. So I didn't see that. So, okay, enough about that, guys. So GDP. So Bitcoin, again, is holding pretty strong over here. We have this. Oh, look at this, guys. Look at this. Look at this.

00:17:13
It's testing the full hour over here. It's testing the full hour, but it's holding pretty strong. So let me go back. Let me go back to the US 500. We're hitting over here, the support line over here. So let's see if it's going to hold or not. Keep an eye on this one, guys. This is really, really super, super, super, super important. Let's see. Let's see. He's on bill. Okay. Is he on bill? Okay. I feel for that guy, really. Dominus is flying. But if Dominus is flying, altcoins should be tanking. Well, altcoins are tanking. I'm seeing a lot of red. I'm seeing a lot of red. Let me see.

00:18:06
That is that, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, well let's see, let's see, yeah we got we got we got we got we got that we got this all right, that one okay, let's see, let's see, let's see, we're gonna see what's gonna happen, we're gonna see what's gonna happen, let's see what's gonna happen next, let's see, let's see, what's gonna happen next, so uh, basically, uh, let's see, let's see, by the way guys, um, so this about that, it's it's now just looking if this level over here, so the 44. 70 is it gonna hold yes or no, bitcoin

00:18:42
is holding pretty strong over here, put on a four hour keep an eye on this one if it if we're gonna if we're gonna if we're gonna close below it uh that's trouble just keep in mind that's that's really trouble, so uh, so for now we're just holding the line, so let's see, let's see, it's connected by the way guys, if this thing holds if this thing goes down uh I think the bitcoin will also go down so it's just it's just a matter of if this thing is gonna hold yes or no, so okay about that, so let me go to the i saw something today i saw uh yeah this one i saw this one oh i was super surprised i didn't see this one, so the koreans, let me go to the koreans guys because it's all about the koreans And the other it's really all about the Koreans so What am I seeing over here?

00:19:32
This, this, this, this. I saw Celo. Celo, that's really, you know, that made me happy when I was seeing Celo over there. Because, you know, I have to keep repeating myself. The Koreans, what they're doing, they're really, you know, they're really, they don't care about the shillers and don't care about this paid whatever. These guys, what they're doing is that, you know, they're looking for those bottom. And every time I'm seeing these bottom coins, I'm seeing them with this, you know, getting listed on this KRW. So look at Chelo, for example. By the way, Chelo, I love Chelo, the project. The only thing that I don't love about Chelo is that tokenomics. The tokenomics are a little bit, you know, a little bit sad that they do that.

00:20:16
But, you know, look at Chelo, Chelo at the bottom. They're romping it up. Wrapping it up and uh, so uh, we got Chelo over here, so Chelo is definitely one to keep an eye on, so also over here testing the indicator and over here if this thing's gonna hold you know if the marks will close, will the markets will slow down now and we're gonna bounce again, keep an eye on Channel, we already did like what is this uh, so this thing already did like a 40 or 50 on this rise up. But keep an eye on Chelo because Chelo is super wrecked, guys. Chelo is really super. Chelo is so wrecked. Look at Chelo. But I was super surprised seeing this thing on the Korean radar. Okay, okay.

00:21:05
And then we got this one, guys. Look at this. You know, it was yesterday. I told you already. I told you, guys, this and this Bondi X, this is just the coin that I think will fly. And, you know, it was my number one coin. And look at this. Look at this. You know, I was talking about it yesterday, if you remember, over here, I think, or over here. What time did I do the live? Around here, I think. So we came back to the Indy. And, you know, just from this point over here to the top, 72%, this is after. So not from here. This is. After I talked about it, indicated, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Guys, you really, really, really have to start focusing.

00:21:49
If you're not making these gains, something is not good. You just have to make money on this. I don't know how to explain myself, but you really have to focus here. This will happen on a lot of coins. I'm telling you, I'm telling you over and over again, you know. The Koreans are ruling the altcoin markets now; they can make you really super rich but you have to act on it, you have to listen because this Pundi X is super bullish, super super bullish! Even now, it's still super bullish. This thing could make another leg up and another leg up and another leg up. It's already because we yesterday when I shared it, it was at a market cap now it's 137. So this thing at the indie could make its next leg up. This is you know the Koreans are on this one. Why is everyone talking about this Alpaca? What's going on why is everyone so interested in this? What is this Alpaca, Alpaca? Let me see, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca. Where is this one?

00:23:34
Oh, Alpaca, oh, Alpaca, oh, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca. Now, Travel11, he asked me about this and MW, Alpaca, this and that. I'm going to get the list out to them. Listen, bro. It's very simple. You know, just don't short it. Just stay away from it. Just stay away from it. Because, you know, you have this dumbed down and then this is just textbook what they do. This is just leverage. This is what they do. This is just leverage. And this is what they want to do. This is what I like to do. So this is just, in my opinion, this is just textbook hunting retailers down on the exchange. That's just what this is. So, is layer pumping? I don't know. I don't know. Layer, you know, layer is my new stable point.

00:24:26
Is layer pumping? Where is layer? Let me see where layer is. Layer, layer, layer, layer, layer. Where are you? Oh, here's layer. What's going on with layer? Ah! Layer made, you know, layer is, you know, layer is very simple. What layer is doing, layer is just flushing out shorts. That's what layer is doing, you know. And to be honest, be my guest, just keep doing it, keep doing it over and over and over again. The more you're flushing out, the bigger the games will be. Because this, what you're seeing over here with layer, what's going on with layer, this is really one of the toughest chase trades to make. But you have to do it. So layer, for example, we had this retrace because we had this rise up.

00:25:11
This was a pretty strong rise up, by the way, this one. This one also for chase trading. This is very hard to chase trade because this just didn't want it. You know, we had this one. And then yesterday, yesterday, before or after I was talking to Salsara, I told her, listen, between 3. 2 and 3. 3. That's where, you know, that's where they will probably cool it down. Because we were talking about it yesterday over here. It was over here, I think, yes, around this time. Then I told her, they will probably ramp it up to the three, between three, two, three, three. And I told her, and then they will dump it. So exactly like I told Salsara, by the way, she's here. So don't think that I'm, you know, that's exactly what I told her.

00:25:57
So that's what happened over here. So now this ramp up, I think, I think, let me show you. Let me tell what I think. I think that this is what they're doing. They're just flipping. They're just flipping. I think that this is happening on Binance, to be honest. I think that Binance is doing this. So I think that Binance is ramping up this. I think that Bitcoin is getting flipped into layers to just flush out the people. That's what I think. But, you know, for me, I'm not going to give this coin a lot of attention. because that's not healthy especially for the people that are chase trading this i'm just gonna let them

00:26:37
do whatever is that listen for me this is my stable coin you know uh yesterday let me show you something else very important in addition to the chase trading strategy but this is something i want to show you is very important i already said it but very important for you guys in in chase trading especially on other coins also look guys Suppose that you're trace trading this, and suppose that you want to add to your position. Listen, guys, you have to keep in mind that if this thing ramps up and it doesn't lose the 15 minutes, it can also hatch this and long this on the indicator. So even if you are shorting it for the chase trade, you can long this and hatch it based on the indicator, but only on the indicator.

00:27:20
So, for example, if the 15 minutes, this is so strong, don't add to your short, just wait. Wait and then over here, this could be an over here, you could add to your shorts so you put in more shorts and then over here, you wait for it, wait at all, then this this this zone that I calculated in, you cannot calculate that I understand that it sucks but it's you know this is what I do so I know that over here will probably this thing will dump down, so but you could have over here add it to your short again not over here don't do this over here this is where you add to your short again.

00:27:57
So as long as this thing is holding momentum above the indicator, just don't add to your position because if you add to your position over here or over here, they will wreck you. It keeps going up. You have to find the moment when it will lose power. And that's when you – so this was the moment. And this was the moment. And this was the moment to add to your shorts. And then just let it. But when it comes down, you have to take profits. So, for example, the – the amount that you've made over here and over here, you have to take profits and this ramp up uh either I really have no

00:28:34
clue what they're doing so this could be that you know they're just flushing out the shorts but again guys, you know I don't give this thing a lot of attention anymore for me, I know that over here uh the profits were taken and I know that on this ramp up whatever this is uh I've got a field again you know because you've got over here this one this one and then over here the orders the profit that have been taken in I don't even have to do something, I know that I've gotten hit over here if at least this is on OKX if it's the same on Binance. Beauty next, etc then I've got another hit over here and I just don't care about it, I just don't care about it, guys I'm just gonna wait until you're gonna see you see this big candle up, you're gonna see the same candles down.

00:29:22
And maybe this will be only one, two. Those will be three, four, five candles like this. Down, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. That's what I'm telling you. It's my stable coin. I just don't care about it. I just throw money in it. I just don't care about it. It's over there. It's just like you have to see. It's like you're having some funds. You're holding them, whatever. You want to buy the dip or whatever. So, for example, you've got your investment portfolio and you're 30% in and 70% you've got USDT. So instead of holding it in USDT and waiting to buy the dip, This is how I do it. I just throw it in here. Throw it in Layer. This is my stable coin. This is my stable coin.

00:30:04
So it's just how to do it. So what is this? What do we got? I'm not scared to admit that Layer wrecked me. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. So I'm not scared to admit that Layer wrecked me. Biggest loss. But I learned more. From layer than any other coin in crypto, but it's it's it's you know, you have to you have to respect the chase trading strategy because you know, I'm just repeating myself now, but let me let me say it again: when you go into any trade to chase trade, you have to be prepared for it, so you know, okay.

00:30:41
This coin might do a double, a 2x, a 3x; could happen, I have to be prepared for that, I'm going to prepare myself for if this thing is going there because, This thing doubled. If you went in around 160, 170, 180, we didn't even double. And if you are getting wrecked while this thing just doubled, I'm sorry to say, but you're doing it wrong. You're not doing it my way. You're not doing the MWA. For sure not. You're not doing it that way. I really have no clue what you did there. So it's basically. You have to understand that when they start hunting the shorts, they could just triple the price. And I think they need a lot of money to do it on this coin, by the way.

00:31:31
It's very hard, but I'm prepared for it. So when they want to ramp this up, ramp it up. Because the more you ramp it up, the bigger the gains will be for me. That's the MW style. That's how I think. And I don't care about it, you know, but it's uh so it's but but if you are getting wrecked on on a layer, you're doing it wrong, you're doing it super super wrong and uh well that's all I have to say, and let me say something else also. Listen guys, it's very simple: I never ever ever ever ever break a promise, never break a promise. So whatever it is that you're seeing now, We've seen it on Fartcoin. We've seen it on Notcoin. We've seen it on Bera. We've seen it on Sui.

00:32:15
We've seen it on Anna. We've seen it on a lot of those coins. Because, you know, at some point, if you are in leverage and you're oversizing yourself, it feels like this thing is mooning. It's not mooning. This thing is not mooning. It looks like it's mooning. This thing didn't even double up. There are coins from the Korean, like BambiX, for example, that that are doing a two three four five x this thing didn’t even double up and you’re feeling like oh no but it’s you know oh wait a minute oh I’m getting wrecked but when you feel like you’re you’re getting wrecked it means that you are overestimating yourself I don’t even look at this you know I didn’t you know even if this thing would dump down out to two bucks I don’t care I just don’t care I’ll probably take some profits but I don’t care then I’ll leave it there.

00:33:05
What do you think? You think that I’m, you know, when I made the decision, I’m going to chase traders, it means I’m going to destroy it. That simple. And I haven’t been wrong the past years. So if Mayer is wrong, please do prove me wrong, that MW is wrong. And, you know, I understand when you over-size yourself in a trade, when you oversize yourself in a trade, it feels like this thing is the most bullish coin in the world. But that means that you're oversizing yourself. You have been putting in too much money. But if you, for example, let's say you put in, just like I explained, only to 20%, max 20% of your portfolio you're using for this position. You wouldn't care about it.

00:33:51
You just wouldn't care about it. This is your investment. You're going to invest. But again, guys, I really have no clue what the reason is for this bump. Why this pump happened. And in my opinion, the only thing that I can, the only thing that I can think of is that they're flushing, that, you know, they're just flushing out the shorts. And, you know, I already told them openly on X, you cannot flush me out. You cannot shake me out. It's impossible. So just, you know, but the problem is, is that, you know, Maybe people that follow me don't know me. They didn't see the training course with they don't know how it works Those will probably get wrecked if you don't know how to do it.

00:34:37
So that's why I'm telling you, you need to watch the training course with and you need to respect my rules. You need to respect them if you respect my rules, they cannot wreck you. It's impossible for them; it's just impossible to wreck you. It's the only thing that they could do, if they really try hard, they can give you a red P &L for a period of time. That's all they can do to you. That's all. And then at some point, the cash machine opens. The ATM opens again. And then what you're going to do is you're going to start taking, you know, yeah, well, you know, I need 500 bucks a day. Yeah, why not? Let's go to later. Okay, I'm going to close like, you know.

00:35:23
Four percent of my position up, I take 500 bucks and then you know some days later, you know, I want to, I need another $1k. Let's go to layer like an ATM, you put in the pin, yes, I'm gonna close at 11, I need $1k. This is how I see it, this is how I've been doing it, this is how it works. The only thing is, you know, so I think so if you are getting wrecked on this, it means that you're doing it wrong. You're just doing it wrong. You're not respecting my rules. And again, again, because look, what are we seeing now live? What is this? What are we seeing here? What are we seeing? So what are we seeing? So we had this ramp up.

00:36:08
So look, look, it already isn't fast enough in my opinion, but it already came down. Like four percent from the pump of how much did it pump on this? What did it pump? It popped eight percent, so already the half is gone. Maybe in in like 10 minutes this thing will be at the indicator. You have to keep uh, keep an eye here. So if you got filled over here, I would take some potential profits over here on the five-minute and then I would take it to the 50-minute and then I would take also a little bit of profits over here three bucks again, so this is the style. So if this thing bounces up, you're gonna fill in again. If this thing closes below the indicator, okay then it's uh, it's you know.

00:36:51
So let me put on alarm by the way. But guys, you cannot Imagine how important it is what I just told you the past 10 minutes, it's it's you know Yeah, you know, that unlock is, everyone knows that they're getting an unlock, but it's 30%. But that's not a reason to short this. You have to understand this. That's not a reason. That shouldn't be the reason to short this. You know, an unlock is never a reason to short, because if you're going to short based on an unlock, they will wreck you. They will wreck you. And, you know. There is a trading course coming, 'How to Trade' Unlocks There is a trading course with coming on how to trade, uh, funding rates and I'm going to explain exactly because let me tell you this in a normal situation now.

00:37:44
Now, in a normal situation now is the time if a coin gets unlocked to dump very hard now where we are in now Larry is not doing that at this moment. So, this could only mean one reason to me: too many shorts are opened already. So because what happens most of the times is this, that a lot of people-what they do is they trade; they short coins on unlocks when they get unlocked. That's the amateur way. Don't short a coin when it gets unlocked. Short a coin. Before the unlock happens, and most of the time that means like at least so three days, three days before the unlock you should already be closing your shorts because after in those three days, that's when the dump money come in when a dump money comes in, that's when they will start wrecking them and pumping their price up just like basically you're seeing on Alka Paka or Opaca or whatever the name is so it's the same story, those are news traders.

00:38:51
Opaca delisting, so it's gonna dump and then they're gonna open up shorts and then you know, Binance thinks you want to show this because I'm delisting it okay, wait a minute I'm gonna first liquidate all of you because I know exactly where your liquidation levels are, I'm gonna liquidate all of you and and and then I'm Gonna dump it down, what are you gonna do, nothing? But if you would do it the NW style, you just listen. Listen, guys. Just listen. Do it the professional way. So this layer, whatever that layer, I don't even care about layer. Layer could pump up to six, seven bucks. I don't care about it. I just really don't care about it. This is my stable coin. And this stable coin, I'm going to cash this one out bit by bit.

00:39:37
Every time when I'm going to cash it out, I'm going to show you what I'm cashing out. Listen, guys. I'm cashing out this and this and this. By the way, this bag has already got filled on like, you know, what is it? Now I think three to four trades. So a lot of money is in here. So those shorts are there. Maybe they're attacking me, but they cannot attack me because I've been doing this for years. They never attack me. And we also, by the way, it's very important that you do this on one trading account. You can open up three. Bluffing accounts? If you want, you can open up 10 bluffing accounts if you want, you know it's non-KYC. But same story, so you just you know and that's how you do it.

00:40:18
This is by the way only if you are a high volume trader, so not if you are a small trader. If you're a high volume trader, if you're just a small trader, just you know just to look at it, so okay, so enough about layer guys, every freaking time when I say I'm not gonna talk about Layer, I end up talking about Layer, I don't know why I don't know but maybe because they pumped now. So Koreans, let me show you guys another coin. CVC. CVC, guys. CVC, look at this. This is an all-dog. This is really an all-dog. CVC. Civic. Koreans. I just don't know why, but Koreans, guys. Again, Koreans. By the way, Civic has been holding pretty, pretty strong. Look at this, guys.

00:41:09
This so after all these weeks Civic didn't come back into this level while it should, this is a little bit a little bit a little bit bullish. Let me let me let me check there. Let me check them Let me check this CVC Civic Yeah, it's healthy, you know, this is this is exactly an example of a coin that you know has no sellers left this is you know this is this this is this is exactly an example of that so you got you got an altcoin that you know over here there are just no sellers left crazy I didn't say that but it's really like that so there are no cells left that's why it holds normally this thing would have dumped down to three cents it did it so it's holding the line over at six or seven cents And we're going up over here.

00:42:07
So getting tested on the indicator. Just keep it on civic. It's the Koreans are on it, guys. Koreans are doing this. So, and then we got this one. I was like, what is this? Are you seeing this? This is Pundi AI. I think it's somehow related to Pundi X. Could be. Could be. But what is this? Pundi AI. I really have no clue what this is. But this is, by the way, guys, also, again, the Koreans. The Koreans are on it. So, but, you know, I mean, I need to get, you know, because what I'm seeing is, is that the Koreans are only flipping, I'm only seeing, I'm only seeing, I only see up it, but up it only has got what they're doing is up it is only pumping this on bitcoin.

00:43:13
Okay, interesting, this is really super interesting. Let me see, let me see one moment, please, this is This is pretty interesting. You know, you guys will probably think, why is this interesting, MW? This thing already dumped and whatever, whatever, what are you talking about? I'm going to take you with me, why this is interesting. Let me show you why this is interesting. I'm going to show you why this is interesting. One moment, please. In the AI, okay, and then, ah, so this is what I'm looking for. so this coin is this coin is on bithump it's available on the krw but it's not on it's not on a bit so what happens if this coin gets the krw pair what do you think will happen on a bit i think it will pump super super hard but you know the the question is if But, you know, most of the time when Upbit lists coins like, you know, BTC pairs, USDT pairs, they always follow up with this KW. So this will push this price up. I'm not liking the tokenomics, by the way. I don't even know what this coin is about or so.

00:44:54
Omni-layer data tagging and the AI agents to a market blocker, this is really a travel 11 uh a travel 11 things upon the AI, I'm gonna be super honest with you guys, I'm getting a little bit tired from these coins; it's all AI, they all got utility, the odd whatever, no just whatever you know. It's not getting heated up by this, but so that's about this one and then I saw this one also, Koreans look at this guy's blast, you remember Blast? Look at this there you go, look at this guy's above the indicator over here; this is it, over here this is the test off, she goes uh if she goes boom, boom, uh. By the way, how is the market reacting by the way, Omar, oh it's still here,

00:45:47
still here, okay, so let me come back; so listen, this is the Korean, listen; the Koreans don't care a lot about financial markets you know, so this is also super super bullish for altcoins when donors starts dumping down these Koreans, when they, you know, when they want to pump a coin they Just don't care about anything, and you know the the the most important part is that these guys are they just buy on spot. I'm blowing so uh when they trade it on spot and we push it with leverage up it goes very hard, so this blast also look at this and this is exactly what I've been teaching above the indicator retest it and off she goes. Um, what do I got more?

00:46:35
So basically these are the coins that I wanted to show you today, that you know my eye was catching. So for example like yesterday we had this so yesterday, you know this uh, what is it where are you so this point day one day one day keep on this point day because pundi as you know do you really? Want to know how much volume is on for one? It's you know it's number one so on update at this moment PundiX is number one highest volume so the volume on on PundiX is higher than on XRP, for example. It's crazy. It's madness. These Koreans are diggers, bro. So look over here. So now they're retesting. So if the markets will allow this thing, you know, the next leg up with this volume is, you know, it's just a matter of time, you know.

00:47:31
So they just want to ramp it up. They're super, super bullish on this coin. So, you know, you have to, you know, at some point you just have to respect the damn indicator and just, you know. What is this thing going to do? What's going to happen? Pundi, Pundi, Pundi, Pundi. Is the team loaning this? Let me check for a moment. Pundi. Oh, by the way, also very, very, very interesting to know is that yesterday I checked Pundi and all the exchanges, it was not there. Now it's on Blovin. I saw it on Blovin. I don't know, Bitunex, I didn't check it. But Pundi is available on Blovin today. Yesterday, when I checked, there was no pointy over there because you remember over here I told you this might be a good one but it wasn't available, so it is it is you know it's it's super crazy you know I just don't I just don't get it I just don't get it.

00:48:26
They they are very fast in listings. I spoke by the way to uh to some exchanges today about the listings and how they list and you know these guys are super fast now these guys are really super fast but this you know this coin a This is exactly how you have to treat these coins. You have to look at them, you know, and then out of nothing, they go boom, boom, boom. But you have to respect the indicator because you have to see it like this. Why am I keep repeating myself about my indicator? Because this is my indicator. So if these Koreans are trading, they're trading based on my indicator and not the other way around. So they're trading based on mine. And you guys are trained to trade this indicator.

00:49:07
They don't know that. So what are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? Make the damn money. So that, you know, you've got the indicator out there. It protects you against all these freaks. Okay, so let me know. Let me see the list if I'm seeing some pumps. Sonic, I talked about this yesterday. Do you remember? Do you guys remember? I told you yesterday, these guys, they have, I think, some kind of event coming up. And when the event comes up and the Koreans are also in play, So, you see, when was it? Yesterday. Tuesday. It was over. When did I talk about it? Tuesday. Over here, I think. Yes, over here. Look. To the indicator, exactly. And off she went. These guys have an event going on, guys.

00:49:59
You have to keep an eye on this sonic thing. But wait a minute. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. No. I thought maybe. is this thing related let me see is this related to layer i think it is i think it is i've seen this because we had this one 16 15 and then 16 15 and then we had this pump at at 16 45 16 45 60 45 why is the same people doing this 60 45 why 64 no no no no no no it's not related no no it's not related i know that they are related but i thought maybe it were the same same scamming people in crypto doing the same thing over here so uh let me see we got nkn also finding some momentum and well do you guys remember this by the way for the ones that do remember this you guys know i don't have to say it

00:51:07
so let me see do we got some big dumps or big pumps from altcoins let me see what do we got over here hi-fi alpha also koreans but by the way guys this whole list is koreans so this this purple uh uh purple not purple what is this whatever color this so your drift look at drift and again guys just let me zoom it in for you guys so you can see it very good on your screen Are any of you guys watching this live stream on a very big screen? Let me know in the chat. Does anyone have a screen, like, you know, I love screens by the way. So don't ask me, you know, I spend a lot of money on screens, especially, you know, you know, some people like cars, some people like jewelry, some people like whatever I like, you know, I just love, I love, I love, uh, I like, I like, uh, I like TVs.

00:52:08
That's what I like. That's what I like. That's my thing. But look at this. So basically what I'm doing is I'm zooming in. Look at this. Look at this. Up, up, up, up. Hold, hold, hold, hold. Boom. And it's like, you know, I can show you guys a lot of charts. These Koreans, I'm telling you. I don't know how many times I need to repeat myself. You know, maybe I should have at this token 49, I should have just opened up my own, you know, my own, how do you call it? Center or whatever. And then, yeah, MW, MW indicator. Come people with a lot of money. I'm going to show you how you can get filthy rich by just doing as I'm explaining you.

00:52:59
Because, you know, the thing is about this, what hurts me most is that. I warned you about it. So I told you already over here. Listen, guys, this thing, if it goes up, comes back, it will hold the line on the daily. You have to expect those moves up. I even told you. Oh, yeah. Akash also. Look at Akash. Beautiful. Look at the line. Oh, MW has put a line in again. Why do you put in those lines, MW? Look at this. Beautiful. Akash also, you know. So it's, this Argo, by the way, this thing is getting, you know. Let me, okay, this is a very good, this is a very good example. Just look at this shot. Let me remove the indicator. Look at this shot. Are you seeing this?

00:53:50
This is layer. This is how I see layer. So you want to talk about layer? This is how I see layer. This is how I see layer. I'm not saying that layer will do the same. I don't know. Nobody knows. But my, you know, the thing that I'm doing now, I'm expecting this. So my thesis. So why am I investing? Because I see it as an investment. So we're now over here maybe, or maybe even over here. So this is my layer, you know, because this is when people, let me put it on the daily so you can see it better. Look over here. Later, oh, later, okay, ergo, oh, oh, it went up more, oh, oh, oh, more, oh, more, oh, this thing will never dump.

00:54:40
Oh, this thing is going to the moon. Okay, oh, okay, let's sort it here. Oh, no, oh, it's killing me away. Oh, and then it killed me. Oh, what, this is so painful. Oh, I'm going to get work. Oh, and this was the wreck. You see this spike up? This was when, you know, this is when they took over. Okay, it's time to flush out the shorts. So that's what they did over here. This is what you're seeing over here; they flooded let me put it on the four-hour this is the game; this is this is the crypto game, the crypto game is played like this: so they flushed out all the shorts, so they liquidated all the shorts and when they liquidated them or flushed them out, then they dumped all this-what you're seeing.

00:55:25
You were in big disbelief that Argo would never come down again; never. Also very important, nothing happened. Bitcoin is still rising. Bitcoin is a bullish momentum. Although everything in crypto was looking good, still Argo dumped like crazy. Why? There's a reason for that. And in my opinion, Layer is nothing. It's the same. So they will keep exhausting people. They will make them disbelieve. Oh, you know, okay, we're going to pump it more. We're going to pump it more. And then we're going to pump it like 10% in like five minutes. And then we're going to pump it more. Yeah, yeah. We will never, it will never, ever, ever go down again. This coin will never go down again. So this coin will never go down again. So this is exactly what they do.

00:56:16
This is what they do. So you have to keep in mind that this is, by the way, guys, this is, this is, you have to see it like this. Do you see when this happens? Because they don't flush me out. They can pump this up even more. I don't give a crap. Just pump more. So they will not flush me out. But do you guys know how much money this is? So if someone like MW is over here, not over here, by the way, I never short bottoms, but let's say over here, for example, over here, I start. This was the chase trade. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. How much money do you think I make on this? On this dump down, I'm just saying that's what I'm saying.

00:57:02
They cannot dump it without me; it's impossible – it's just basically impossible to dump this thing without me. So, uh, yeah, that's that, that's about that. Guys, that's about that. That's about that. Let's see, let's see, let's see what's gonna happen. Let's see what's gonna happen. So, Layer is making – making you know a lot of people when they're trading Layer now. They feel exhausted; they feel tired; they feel you know uh emotionally they get broken because that's what they're doing – right? They're breaking you emotionally. That's what they're doing. Look here by the way, guys. This let me remove all of this four-hour candle looks a lot like that other one. Look at this one. So, we still got two and a half hours for this thing to close.

00:57:51
Down just look at this, let me let me put it over here, oh here it is, oh no, this is a black chart, let me put it over here, guys, one moment, look at this, look at this, remove this, look at this look at this candle, look at this candle, it it depends on how it's gonna close so we're too early for now but this candle and this whole chart by the way not only the candle, look at the chart, look at the chart, look at the chart so look at the chart so let me put it on the daily, let me put it on the this whole chart, this I think this is a bit is this how much uh how much did they pump I go here, let me see we gotta do some.

00:58:47
deep diving because you know why am i showing you this i'm always trying to break the code with the koreans what they are doing that's me i'm always because you know a lot of times these koreans or whatever who they are they are autistic they do the same thing what is this this is a 14x from the bottom 14x did i measure it right i need to not make a mistake no let's it's the same okay around 13x okay let's go to layer from the bottom how far are we No, no, there is no system over here. So this thing did only a 4x 4 . 7 x Compared to this one. So this rise up was way more but this was from the bottom And did I measure the bottom?

00:59:38
Oh, yeah, I measured the bottom. So this thing, This thing cannot compare this thing to this thing. So but what we can see is that this candle, so it's all about this candle. So this candle, by the way guys, don't be surprised if this candle closes in red, don't be surprised if this candle closes in red. But, you know, that's why, you know, if you're, if you know, if you are oversizing yourself, you're just in this trade and, you know, and you keep like, you keep like watching it and, you know, everything that pushes it up, you're just, you know, you're just destroying your mind. Yes, yes, yes. I'm seeing it. Let me remove it.

01:00:30
There we go guys, but guys you have to keep in mind for the ones that are here with me-this is good, you have to hope that this thing will come down to this over here, and we need it over here and we need it over here, guys. This is bullish for us; you have to see it like this, guys. If this thing dumps down and it comes over here, over here, over here-this is when we start buying. Keep in mind because we have been buying over here, we sold over here. And now we want to buy again. And when we're going to buy again, this is just our first buy. If this ain't going to hold, fine. We're going to make a lot of money.

01:01:09
If this ain't going to dump more, we're going to buy more. So you have to really be prepared. By the way, guys, I already prepared you for this. I already explained this. I already told you when I bought. I told you when I took profits. And I think, by the way, most of the coins, I think I'm 65% in yet. But stop loss will get hits. I don't care. but listen guys this is very important if this thing dumps down from over here or lower i'm start buying i start by i i will not buy the rectangle the the the pumped ones i will only buy the retested the the retest ones on the daily those ones i'm very interested in and i'm gonna buy the the the direct coins so the the coins that are not listed on our pitch yet and

01:01:59
I put out, you know, I've shown the Koreans were not out there on the token 49, but you know, I know some people, I know some people and no, they are going to fish for me. If there is a way how we can track those listings. No, that's, we cannot go over, but this thing, but this thing, if this thing dumps down, you have to hope. So it's like, Oh, please dump down. So, um, be prepared for that by the way guys because uh, I think you all of you guys know this already but you know just in case that you don't know just in case that you don't know this thing so uh basically what we're seeing is that the Koreans are also a little bit afraid uh so Koreans are also verified oh deep is printing oh deep is printing there's still a 25 let me see a 20 there's still a 25 in on deep uh Sign is printing.

01:03:00
Bitcoin short is for sure printing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So basically, the shorts are printing like crazy now. It's only layer. Layer is, let me see. Layer is a little bit bitchy. So what Leia did is some big wheel, boom, flushed the shorts out, and we're going to dump it after it. So this is now the zone that I'm eyeing. And I think that it will break down. I think it will break down. They can keep, you know, if this was the flush out, if this was the flush out, by the way, this is a very pathetic flush out, to be honest. This is really pathetic.

01:03:50
But if this was a flush out, this thing will dump down. But, you know, I'm prepared for any scenario. So just let it see. Okay. Okay. Bitcoin is finally. Look, I see. So Bitcoin has been holding. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Oh, my God. It's just live trading today. Ah, there you go. You see? There you go. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. There you go. It just can't stay behind, you know. Yeah, Trump, but they flip Bitcoin. I can see that they flip their Bitcoin. I can see that. They do flip Bitcoin. They use their Bitcoin to pump it up, but it's just temporary. It's just to flush them out. It's just what it is. Movies being bought by the Koreans not pumped yet.

01:04:36
Yes. Movies not only. Movies not only. It's a good one. It's a good one. Let me just call you sad. Just call yourself sad. Move, move, move should be on my list. Hey, move is not on my list. Move is also Korean, right? Yeah, move is over here. And the volume is also pretty. Move, the thing is with move, move is also getting shielded by the Trump Foundation. Just in case you guys want to. By the way, guys. you know i didn't want to tweet about it oh this was something i didn't want to tweet about it but you know i was you know i was walking on that token 49 and i was thinking to myself just what if bitcoin just dropped with like 20 30k right now you know what i would do i would just open up my you know my youtube live stream and i would the only thing that i would do i would really just film all those people there and their reactions

01:05:40
seeing them while Bitcoin is dumping like 20, 30K or just 10K. So I thought that would be a super amusement for my retail firm to see that live. That would be super television. You know, I'm there; all those people, you know, all those holders, Bitcoin believers, etcetera, and then Bitcoin drops like 10K, boom. And then all those alarms go off on those telephones. And then, you know, MW just filming them. That would be really, really, really great. So, yeah, let's see. Let's see what's going to happen. Let's see what's gonna happen. So, uh, what do we have more so for now that's it basically, so move yes, we're gonna talk about I was whoa move move nice move move, you know, the thing about movies.

01:06:24
We have been shorting move a lot for the ones that remember. For the ones that remember, we have been shorting this thing to death also GTC uh, the team has been shorting move to death so for the ones that are interested, oh but mw you know basically I you know I didn't add this to my shortage if there was a reason why I did it because it's already done very well, but you have to see like this so this was trumpy I should have I should have put this on the short idea so I should this was because this was trumpy, you know Trump Foundation. You have to buy move here here guys, you have to buy move okay. Okay, Mr. Trump Foundation. 80% down. 80% down. 80% down. Move.

01:07:19
And, you know, it's always the same story for me because, you know, you see this hype, you know when move Trump. Nobody believes you. If I would tell you, okay, we got a short move here. Nobody would trust or believe me. It's impossible but you know the same will happen over here; the same will happen over here. This thing which you're seeing, the same will happen. You just have to know how to do it. Just don't be greedy, don't be you know, just you. Just have to know how to execute this trait. Be patient, be patient. I told you again and again and again. This is my stable coin. And that's it. This is my stable coin. I will keep it my stable coin. I don't know.

01:08:10
If it's going to take another month, two months, I don't care. It's my stable coin. You are my stable coin. My eyes are fully on you. And I will flip any, any, any, any, any trade on the team will be flipped to layer. Anything. The DCA will not happen in one move because that will. Cause a spike up, for example, down. It will not happen in one move, but every freaking time. Every trade you see, every green P &L you see, it will be flipped into layer. And please, guys, don't go massively short layer. Because you're seeing, if you do it the wrong way, they're going to flush you out. They're going to wreck you. They're going to wreck you. So just, if you're in it, just wait.

01:08:56
Do it as I teach you on the Just like I showed you on the training course with. And that's a professional way. And just do it like that and just go. Oh, I think I'm tired. I think I'm tired. Don't have much time for trending too much work on my pizzeria. Oh, nice that you got a pizzeria, bro. I hope that you are. I don't hope. I know. No, I don't hate it. Listen, this is, you know, this is exactly. I'm sorry, Dana, but I'm gonna say it this is exactly a comment from an amateur, this is an amateur and I know that you're laughing that it's it's like it's it's like it's like a joke, but this is just an amateuristic uh comment in my opinion, but you know I know that you're just joking, you just why why why do you hate it and uh and trend made a good comment now it's my love, it's not my, I don't hate it, I love it because I know she's going to

01:09:59
make a lot of people very rich. But listen, when you see me being bearish about an altcoin, there's always a reason for it. And the reason is not that I hate it. The reason is not that I, whatever. There's always a solid reason for it. And the reason for it is that I'm seeing that they are pumping this coin to just dump it very hard after it. That's what I'm seeing. And when they're going to do it depends on how many greedy shorts are out there. If you just short on a healthy way, good. But if there are too many greedy shorts, they could extend the pump up. But you have to see it like this. Every time, especially when you see me making a promise, there is a reason for it.

01:10:51
Because I'm seeing that they're going to destroy retainers on this coin. Just like they did on all the coins that I've been sharing. all of them there's no no there is not one coin that i called that it's going to dump 60 70 80 from that top at that moment within a range of two months that i did a nil zero i've got a 100 winning rate on those and you know you're talking about a lot of money so it's it's it's just so Dana R. So, yes, I am an amateur. It's really, really no hate. It's not personally to you. But this is just for me to make a statement to understand that, you know, we're not playing around over here. This is some serious money that's going on over here.

01:11:43
So we're really, really, you know, I like to joke also a lot, by the way. But, you know, this is now about real money. People can lose a lot of money. They can also make a lot of money. It's very important for you to understand that you know I don't, you know, it's not like I'm playing here, that's a lot of money involved over here and when I say a lot of money, a lot of money. People could, you know, retire from that money, not only people, uh, communities could retire from that money. There's a lot of money involved over here, so you have to, you have to, you know, you have to take it, you have to take it, uh.

01:12:22
So I have to take it on that side also. Okay, so guys, thank you. I think that the live stream, although I was at Token49, I'm here with you. How long am I here, Karen? One hour and 15 minutes. I can't hear you. We can't hear you again. No, they can hear me. You can't hear me. Can you write it as a comment? How long have I been here? Can you write it as a comment? One or one hour 50 minutes. You guys really know that I love right this is show me that I love you guys. We can hear you, can oh, I can't hear so it's me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, it's me so they can hear: I love you all. Thanks all for watching.

01:13:07
Thanks all for joining Tradewellmuffins, by the way. Guys, be very defensive over here. So, oh, oh, oh oh Bitcoin! Now, this is you know-let's just say that this token 49 came together with GDP, but if you would go into history and you would go to all these big Bitcoin conferences, crypto conferences, I think that 70, 80, 90% of the times you see these right candles, it's you know it's really guys. But again, I told you this yesterday already. Yes, I told you. Listen, guys, be very careful because these events-most of the times, you get a lot of big dumps after them. So keep that in mind. But this, oh, this is a pretty strong dump. Oh, it's the Bitcoin short going. You know, it's 150%. That's a lot, by the way, for Bitcoin.

01:14:15
But you have to see it also like this, guys. You know I gave you this box days ago; I gave you this box days ago. Look and you know even though that the momentum was good, I told you listen, guys: this is just the time to take profits, it's that simple. This is the time to take the profits and you know you see now it's going down, so probably let's see. How are the peanuts? Sign is going good. Deep is going good. Even wall is going good. The only one that needs to dump hard is Layer. That's the only one in the portfolio of the team that this one needs to dump hard. This thing, we need a candle down of 30, 40%. Ouch. Ethereum just dropped four percent, oh what a surprise! Okay guys, thank you all for watching, have a nice one. Follow me on Twitter, I'll update you on Twitter. Oh look at Layer scandal. Okay guys, thank you all for watching, have a nice one. Bye.
*** Live Stream 05-03-2025 Koreans are moving the markets again. Coins to watch this weekend! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome MW, and welcome again to any crypto GTC. Welcome retail familia. How are you guys doing? How is everything going? A live stream from MW. We're going to talk about macro. We're going to talk about what I think, what's going on, financial markets. Am I bearish? Am I bullish? Koreans, altcoins. We're going to talk about also something new I'm going to introduce into my live streams and I think that a lot of you guys will probably appreciate that because it's very important. uh it's what the gtc insider is sharing as top 10 altcoins because you know i'm talking about koreans but those top 10 altcoins are also very important they're very important so i'm gonna do less of the coins that you guys want me to do because with all respect i think that you guys are over here for me to tell you what altcoins are you know You need to trade, you need to buy, or maybe make it at 510X.

00:00:54
So I'll be focusing more. So I'm not going to do a lot of altcoins from you, from the RetoFam. I'm going to do the altcoins that I choose together with GDC Insider, what we think where the biggest action is. And we know how to do that. We also got people now working. I've got a lot of RetoFam members also, from which I appreciate a lot, is that they DM me on Telegram. They DM me like 'Mw keep an eye on this coin', and they do it based on my insights, you know what I'm looking for? Am I looking for the volumes? I'm looking for the for the for the for the Koreans. I'm looking at you know some BTC pair that's going like bananas or breaking out so they also share me those coins and I'll check them up and if they are worth sharing I'll share them on the live streams so this way you guys will get much more alpha from me.

00:01:40
And, while I'm doing that, I can also give you guys my honest opinion about the coin. Are you more focused on longs or the shorts? Because this is also something very important, most of you guys want to know. You just want to know, okay, MW, so this coin is on very high volume, but what is your opinion on it? Do you think we should focus on putting the indicator on and focus on the shorts, or should we focus more on the longs? This is something very, very important. Uh, also, I got some news for you guys, that you know we've been working very hard, a little bit of inside things that are going on

00:02:16
in GC Insider, so we're working very hard, so the webpage is coming and uh, you know, also the the trading course with uh, it's it's with donations by the way guys, a part of it goes to charity, part of it goes to the marketing team uh that we're building and growing Dorito Fam on, so uh, that is coming up, so the beginner scores also the high volume groups, that's something that um I'm looking at making a list, a right list for you guys to do that. So a lot is going to happen, also for the ones that want the indicator directly at the same time. So also, you can make a donation and then you can get the indicator in an instant, so that's also something that we're working on.

00:02:52
We're working on a lot of stuff, so basically that section. Also, I want to announce that I'm almost finalizing my new partnership, and why this partnership? Let me tell you. First of all, we need. More exchanges to trade on, especially when we're trading uh crappy coins uh so we can divide those amounts, especially for the high volume traders. But for the high volume traders, I will explain you guys in details how we're gonna do stuff so but just there's a new partnership, but the most important part about this partnership is it's even more important and I'm super, super excited, yes I'm super, super, super excited about it. It took me some time-I think, something like three weeks with testing and, you know, talking to the new part, et cetera, to, you know, to finalize it.

00:03:44
But let me tell you this. It's the only, the only exchange in the world, the only one. And what I'm telling you, I did a lot of research because there are a lot, there are some more, but they don't get the liquidity. You know, it's just, you know, they put it on like a show. but the real one that you can trade on you know and you know just can go with big money on all liquid etc we can trade also with our uh with our usdt we can trade us 500 us 100 gold silver commodities forex you know i'm super i'm super super excited about it really we can trade everything over there

00:04:34
and we can trade it just with our usdt so you know you don't need to use those brokes etc but much more to follow about that one so i'm super super excited about that i'm really yeah you know it's very crazy i don't know why but i'm super excited about it so basically um what's gonna happen so uh let me let me let me let me see let me see let me see let me see what do i got over here oh no we're gonna do a little bit of music we haven't been doing some music for a very long time so i want some music over here and then we gotta do that and then we're gonna jump into the marks because a lot is going on we have to jump into the markets you have to see what the mark so boom

00:06:07
okay thank you we got pedro kilo we got aki we got tran what do we got what do we got we got JF Blaze, uh yes, yes, there's a lot going on in the weekend, uh Kirk, we got Leon, got Lars, uh we got Fever, we got Elena, we got Ziggy and we got Elena Elena Elena, no we got Helena, sorry I'm sorry, we got Elena and then we got over here Alana Magdy Aussie, I love Australia did you guys know that my next destination will be Australia, I've never visited Australia, I love Australia, I didn't you know it's really I want to come towards you guys, I want to see the Aussies, I want to come see your country, love Australia we got Craig Alpiman hello from Western Europe thanks NW Western Europe, Western Europe. Alpima, welcome. Let's see what we got. We got G.

00:07:17
If you want to ask a question, you can DM me on Telegram. The link's in the link tree. We got Peter. We got Matija, Daniel, Flakes. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Jerry. Alan. We got TopDock. Oh, my God. Top dog, and uh, I'll back and the truck driver Mario, I really miss these guys sometimes. I cannot see you, did I really miss these guys. CB how the dog is in the house, Evelina. CB wreck and the boy Bakoi Johan winter, Johan Venter, good call on doing coins, you prefer that's what we do. Listen, listen, I

00:08:03
want you know listen listen so this is just for johan vento this is it's you have to understand this and you know it's it's very hard for me to explain this but I'm gonna try my best anyway, my style of doing things is first of all, I don't do paid chills, so that's number one, and this is very important maybe to some people, it's not important, but for your money, for your capital, is very important. Because you need to find, even if it's not me, go find someone else. I don't care. Find someone else. But you have to find someone that is not doing paid shields. So when he talks about altcoins, he may not be paid to do that. Or he may not be owning some big bag to do that.

00:08:54
Because every freaking coin that I talk about, I don't own it. I don't have it. You know I don't have any of those coins; I don't own them and even if I would talk about it, makes it 100x I don't give a crap! I just don't give a crap if you guys made a 100x, I'm happy for you guys. I don't own it, I don't care, I don't care about it. You know it's you have to understand I'm allergic to greed that's why I felt so lonely on the crypto events days ago. It's also okay to put on the song Lonely. I need a moment. I need a moment. I need a moment. I need a moment. I want the song Lonely. Oh, I felt so freaking lonely on that event.

00:09:44
You know why? It's very simple, guys. You know, I laugh about it. You know, it is what it is. But greed goes very deep. Greed is so deep over there. You can see it in their eyes, you can see it in how they talk, what they say, how they organize, and how they meet. Do you remember the picture that I made, that i made networking hub? If you would put some mics on there, you would just record what they are talking about. There are people in the world in crypto will be shocked anyway, so it's so important while you guys are with me over here. It's super important that you every day or every two days, whatever, and do live stream or MGC Insider. You'll get the altcoins where the money is flowing, that's it.

00:10:34
We don't know them, we don't own them, we don't... we're just showing you where the money is flowing and where the money is flowing is also where the MW indicator works best. So if you... you have to see it like this. So you meet your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever, whoever it is. You meet them at some party or whatever. Yeah, yeah. Are you in crypto? Yes, I'm in crypto. Well, did you buy some crypto? Yes. You know, I've been following this guy and he's talking about this crap coin. Yeah, well, how is it doing? Well, basically nothing. What do you mean? Yeah, but he's always talking about it. It goes up with 10%, 20% that comes down. That 10 is just dead there, but you know, yeah.

00:11:21
I bought some, you know about $10,000 of it, and you know he's telling me that we're gonna make a 100x and we're gonna get rich; he told you that, yes, he told me that. So how long are you behaving well? I think I'm six months now in this going, and how are you doing, yeah? Well, it's worth, I think something like $4 or $5,000, but you know, I lost half of my money. But he already told me on YouTube that I shouldn't be worried about what; no, because it's going, you know, it's just, you know, you just need to buy the dip and you just need to hustle, and you need to have patience. At some point, it will make it 10, 20, 30 years. Okay.

00:11:56
100X. Okay. So what we do is the opposite. You're going to reserve your $10,000, put it on some coin that, you know, nobody ever heard of. And because some guys getting, because you have to see it like this. If I would, you know. Let's just say I'm going to launch CrapCoin. The only thing that I care about is I need people to buy CrapCoin. People need to buy my CrapCoin. That's what it's all about. So I'm going also to the crypto event and I'm going to, you know, there is a booth there and, you know, CrapCoin is going to be the future of whatever. Why? Because MW is saying so. Whatever. So why am I saying this? It's; You need people to buy it. You need people to buy it.

00:12:44
So while people are buying it, you know, and it's not getting any, you know, your money is stuck in there. And when it gets into a loss, and most of the times they purposely put it down, you know why? Sometimes, you know, when they see like, let's just say, one million people, one million dollars gets bought by, you know, one hundred people, a thousand people. Most of the time what they do is they push the price down with 20, 30%. Not too much, not too less. Why do they do that? So you're going to huddle. Because they pay people. So, I will pay someone to tell you that that's the new future and that's going to be 100x.

00:13:27
And then I put it down and then I will come back, you know, that, you know, the one that I paid, tell them to just huddle. And then he will tell you, oh, just huddle, guys. He's getting paid to say that to you. So, you are huddling. And that's how it works in crypto. This is how it works, guys. This is how it works in crypto. I keep repeating myself over and over and over again. So, you shouldn't be married to any project. You shouldn't be caring about any project. The only thing that I want you to care about is money. Care about money. That's it. That's it. Care about money. And while you're caring about money, you need to know where the money is flowing. That's what I'm showing.

00:14:09
That's what we are showing from GTC. We show you every day, seven days a week, where the money is flowing. And when you know where the money is flowing, I don't care if you want to loan it, you want to short it, whatever, do as educated, but at least you get movement and you're not going to invest your money into some debt project. That will probably go to zero, by the way. So that was Johan Venter. So we got Al Pink is also in the house. So I got Biggie. We got Zeji, Walid, The Coin. We got Brian. We got, what do we got? What do we got? We got Aqib. We got CB. We got 4Jerry. We got Peter. Riff Pop. We got Christopher. We got Danny. We got Craig.

00:14:56
We got Alkhan Janis. Haven't seen that one for a while. I did not forget about you, by the way, Janice. I'll be with you. You know, I really think, I really mean this. I think that Elpink, Johan Venter is from the Netherlands. I think, you know, I really mean this. I think that I should have much more Dutch people following. I really mean this. I think that I should have. um way more uh dutch people following me it's basically it's you know i don't you know i'm not always like showing like oh listen guys i'm mw and i'm dutch it's not like that but you know it's it's really it's really mad that i've got more german followers than than dutch followers it's crazy i just don't get it but you know uh so we got the crack what do we got we got medic we got

00:15:54
ciao be prepared guys a lot of offers coming up today uh we have peter guys okay let's dive in so first of all guys so um what happened because i want to talk about the last three last three what happened was this dump you know you remember while i was doing the tree okay this dumped out wow so this was gdp so this was For me, let me just be honest with you guys. So this was GDP. It came down. This was a pretty big dump. But this is just a classic move of Wall Street. That's why I also told you that, you know, Wall Street was a little bit, you know, a little bit gone last week's. But they went back over here. They went back over here.

00:16:37
So what they did, this was, by the way, it came also together with, you know, they always put a narrative on it. But this came together with, you know, this mineral contract in Ukraine, et cetera, et cetera. out of the sunday because some contract has been made and you're crazy yeah well that's a reason to just pump this thing up you know while gdp is showing us that you know everything is going to f you know and then oh well you know what you know we got a new contract you know it's got it's got to make it's got to make a lot of money you know why not why not let's go make a lot of money

00:17:15
So this is, in my opinion, this is not minerals. It's not Ukraine. This is just, you know, this is just Wall Street doing what they have been doing for years. And it's very simple. What they have been doing is that, you know, the news is bearish. They push the price down and then they push it up very hard. This is just short. That's just what it is. Because this contract isn't going to change anything. And the GDP was bearish, as it should bearish. But we also got this, in my opinion, manipulated numbers from the earnings also getting involved, also pushing a little bit of the price. So whatever. Okay, no problem. We just adjust it, absorb it, and we're going to act on it. That's my style. Okay, whatever it is.

00:18:04
You want to go into the circus? You do the circus. No problem. Now let's see what we're going to do so this, this, this ramp up, well, whatever, so by the way, I also told you guys that, you know, I was a bit disappointed over here that I didn't get hit on my targets over here. You remember it wasn't a daily; let me show you on the daily so I told you guys because we were over here this happened over here when we were over here, then I told you I got a field already but you know I wanted this thing to come into this box over here, this region. So this was where I was at. Well, Wolfsburg told me, MW, we never disappoint you, bro. Just put those targets in.

00:18:43
We will make sure that we will get there. That's just what we do. We show the VIX and we pump the US 500. That's our job. That's what we are good at. You are good in your analyzers. We are good in making sure that you can't. That you can't, that you can't, that you can't. What do we have over here? I'm seeing on Twitter, I have a problem with Patreon, can't watch. What? That's why? Maybe he has got a personal problem, I don't know. I will check. Yes, very strange. So, basically what's, maybe you can DM him, I don't know if he's a member, I don't know, I have to check it, but maybe after I can DM him. So, basically what's going on over here is that Wall Street was telling me, don't be disappointed.

00:19:32
We will get your targets hit. Well, they did. So they did. So unfortunately, I made some tweets yesterday. And, you know, a lot of people, you know, it's for me so hard. You know, I really love to, you know, I love to be honest with you guys. I'm not here to give you hopes. And I've told you a lot of times, I'm no bear. I'm no bull. I'm no bull. I'm no bear. I'll just tell you what I'm doing, why I'm doing it, and how I'm doing it, and how I'm nailing it over and over again. So for me, at that moment, I'm seeing something. And this is on the macro. Maybe we'll get a big weekend pump on altcoins. Could be. Because what I'm seeing is I'm preparing myself as I'm seeing that we're going into.

00:20:28
So, for the ones that, you know, for those bulls, you know, I cannot give you too much time on this, but, you know, some people, I don't know, they are living in, you know, they live like, I rather, you know, I need to be bullish, so I'm bullish. It doesn't matter what the market is telling, I need to stay bullish. Please, MW, don't say anything bearish. Please, MW, don't short any altcoins. Please, MW, don't tell us that you're short. What? You know, I just don't get it. Why? Why are you doing this? If you are trading, you should be a bull and a bear at the same time that our traders don't care about markets going up and down. So if you're getting emotional, you're getting scared, et cetera, maybe it's time to, you know, just stop following or looking at traders.

00:21:23
Go follow. Some investors I don't know what you want to do but whatever so also for this Mr. X I'm not going to call you I'm not going to point out your name that was getting super emotional bro we i was shouting to you buy here so if you bought in you should be in very big profits look at this, I've seen this 18 the US 500 is acting as some meme code, 18 percent in what is it two weeks three weeks, 18, 1, 8. This was what I was telling you to buy if you even bought Bitcoin like I told you also remember, remember because at the same time when I was telling you to buy it to buy there I also was telling you over here bye bye and if you bought in over here, Mr.

00:22:23
Emotional, if you bought in over here, 31%. And if you bought altcoins, it would be at 60, 70, 200, 150. Tell me what to do, bro. It's what I do. This is what I do for a living. I analyze markets. And, you know, I don't want to make only money on the way up. I want to make money on both ways, up and down. So up and down, up and down. For me, this is now down. But, you know, there's something that is. you know the the the bearish narrative the the bearish narrative has one big thing coming up and that's something that i have to keep in mind because uh you know wall street the problem is wall street and what is it exactly uh wall street and that's that we have wednesday we have this is a problem this is a problem why Although I'm super bearish, so nothing changed about that.

00:23:23
I'm super, super bearish, so nothing changed about that. But, you know, we need to be careful because the Fed is coming. And the Fed is going to do their interest rate. So the FOMC is coming. So, guys, we have to keep that in mind. So what do we know? We all know that we're dealing with some autistic. Wall Street an autistic Wall Street it doesn't matter what what they're doing, that they always want to you know, they want to make sure that uh, they always pump, they just pump it up, this is what they do, they like to pump it up, everything is just pump, pump, pump, pump, so uh, keep this in mind guys, so even uh though I'm bearish and I'm preparing for the shorts, So we have to remember that we have this FOMC.

00:24:21
Let me show you guys exactly when it is on the chart. What is it? It's the 7th of May. So here it is. You see, guys? So we have to keep in mind that Wall Street might hold this up, maybe even break it high. I don't know. But they're just autistic, these guys. So they might ramp it up to my target over here. This is my target, by the way. But this is the top of the box, so this line or maybe even this line. You have to keep in mind that we're dealing here with autistic Wall Street. Wall Street pre-pumps the FOMC. They just do. They always do. Not always, but let's just say like 80%, 90% of the times they like to romp it up.

00:25:15
So we got some resistance over here, guys. But, you know, just keep in mind that they might romp it up. That's just what they do. And after the FOMC, that's when, you know, well, we might get that embarrassing. So we're going to prepare for the weekend. So that's about that. Let's see the VIXI. Vixie is over here showing up, but Vixie, I want Vixie. Vixie, just stop acting like some, you know, as if you want to go up, whatever. Just come into the box. Don't talk. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Are you seeing this? This is Germania. This is Germania. This is Germania. Look at Germania. Are you guys seeing Germania? This is Germania. This is Germany, guys. Look at Germany. Look. Now I understand why most of my followers come from Germany.

00:26:15
They are the number one degents in the world. They're even worse than the Koreans. It's like crazy. Der Mannschaft. Look at Der Mannschaft. They just don't do it in crypto. They go for the real big deal. They just pump their own stocks up, you know, their own index up. Ah, we don't care. Volkswagen goes to zero, we don't care. Mercedes, we don't care. That, we don't care. We just keep pumping, you know, just pump it up. You know, the government, yeah, you know, just put another 500 billion into the stocks. Why not? We're going to stimulate our economy. That's what we're going to do. Okay. Okay, so look at Germania. This is Germania, and Germania, Germania, I'll be waiting for you. You know, Germania. How are you waiting for your Germania?

00:27:04
In Germania. Because, guys, you have to keep an eye on this. You have to understand this. I showed this show on Twitter yesterday and the day before. Guys, the bounce came in, but it's way, way, way too strong, in my opinion. This is not healthy. This is not healthy. Because you have to keep in mind that Germania, Germania, Germania is just 2. 4% away from all-time high. Are you listening to me? 2. 4% away from all-time high. They could make all-time high today. Look at this. Just look at it. And you know, you can call it a fraud. You can call it, you can call this a bubble. I don't care what you want to call it. I really don't care what you want to call it. Look at this, guys.

00:28:04
Look at this. So we had this dump. This was okay, whatever, to the support. We missed it by an inch. But look at this. Look at this. Look how it's going up. There isn't even a retrace. It's just this is how a fraud looks like. This is insider trading. This is bubble what you're seeing. This is what you're seeing over here. This is exactly how Ford looks like. This is what you're seeing over here. And it was much worse. Let me show you on this. Let me show you on the monthly. Look at this. Germania. Germania. Look at Germania. Look. Just look at Germania. Look at this. The past. Let's just say from here, from the 1st of November. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

00:28:51
And then you have to keep in mind that in the meanwhile, in this period. You are only reading Germany into a recession officially, Germany is this, Germany and then, you hear this, you know, you hear this, this, no, this is stupid people, that's how I call them stupid people. Hey, g, please bro, I'm explaining something super important, you're sending a struggle with data, struggling with that, is this the right moment to keep asking this and talking and these big questions, bro? Probably save that for a DM or you can DM GT inside or whatever if you're struggling with whatever, because please let us do our live streams, otherwise I have to sign with you, please. Or maybe this is not interesting enough for you, I understand, I get that, I would no, there's no hate, I really understand it, maybe you don't, you just don't care about.

00:29:52
This I understand that maybe you're just interested in some going on with Koreans or whatever, I told you already we're going to talk about it after this because this is the most important part to understand and to save yourself from not getting wrecked. I understand I fully understand that this doesn't you know, I don't care; I understand that you don't care, and let me give you, let me give you, let me give you a little surprise-99. 99% of retailers and crypto don't care about this. But that's also why the same 99. 99% of the retailers are wrecking crypto. So please try to be that 0. 01% of the retailers that is not getting wrecked. We will get to those shit coins in a moment.

00:30:34
And now we're going to explain you and, you know, if there is something. But now we are. Okay. No problem. No problem. Maybe you're new here. You don't understand. But let me get back. Look at this. You know, let me tell you this. So basically what they were doing is Germany had a lot of Bitcoin and they sold it. And everyone was laughing. You see those stupid influencers? Germany sold all their Bitcoin. They should have held it and then it would be much more worth. You stupid ass. They sold their Bitcoin, they bought their own freaking stocks with it, and they made even more profits. What do you think? Do you think Bitcoin is the only asset in the world that goes up? Wake the freak up. These guys are so stupid.

00:31:28
And this is what I've been trying to teach you guys over and over and over again. People, especially on the social media platforms, if it's YouTube, if it's Instagram, if it's, you know, ha, ha, ha, ha, you know. They sold their Bitcoin. Yes, he sold his Bitcoin because he saw that he could make much more money on something else. And he did. So who's laughing now? He made a 5x. How much did you make? I made 27% up in three years. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. So who's laughing now? You know, they keep selling you this narrative. Because they want to keep you stupid. Do you really think that you are smarter than those Germans? These freaking Germans, they invented stuff. These guys, these guys are, you know, the tech people of the world.

00:32:26
These guys are so freaking smart. You think you can outsmart these guys? They had one crazy guy that almost, you know, fought the whole world and almost won it. Some sick guy. Do you really think that you did ha ha ha ha ha? The Germans law sold all their oh they sold all their bitcoin too early, you donkey! They made even more money, you know. They sell the bitcoin, pump it into Hasen, higher or you know pump it into Volkswagen or pump it into whatever stocks they got older that are causing because I, I you know. I'm gonna do basically when the partnership starts, I'm going to do a deep research, by the way, guys, especially for the high-volume traders. I'm going to do a deep dive for you guys on the Chinese stocks.

00:33:15
I'm going to do a deep dive for you guys on the German stocks. And why? I'm going to do a deep dive for you on the Chinese stocks because we're gonna long the crap out of them. And I'm going to do a deep dive into the German stocks to short the crap out. So just that's my plan. That's my plan. Bobby, it's coming. It's coming. There's a new partnership coming, and you can trade everything there. So, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,

00:34:01
that is ruled by the narrative that they sell you on whatever platform you're reading but if you would really use your mind they did great by selling this and you know i can even show you something else uh i show this already but i'm gonna share it again i'm gonna share it again look at this look at this one look at this one look at this one i've seen this you guys you guys are probably you have no clue but look at this look at this are you seeing this You know what this is? This is Mr. Saylor. Mr. Saylor has been telling you for years, buy Bitcoin. He's telling you to sell your kidneys to buy Bitcoin. Why isn't he telling us over here and over here, sell your kidneys and buy Microsoft?

00:34:49
Why isn't he saying that? I don't know why. Because if he would say that, I already showed you guys this, but I'm going to show you guys for the ones that didn't see that. So I'm going to show you this in a moment. So look at this. Look at this. I'm going to show you. So this is Mr. Seder. So you guys believe all in Mr. Seder. You love Mr. Seder. Okay. Love Mr. Seder. No problem. So let me go to this. I'm going to go to the bottom of this. So we'll get the biggest gains made. So, look at this. Look at this. This was at the top. You made it 600%. At the top. Okay. Okay. Okay. So when was this? This was October 22. Okay. October 22.

00:35:31
Let's go to October 22. October 22. October 22. So, Bitcoin, you have to see it. Bitcoin is the new future. Bitcoin is this. Bitcoin is that. Whatever, whatever. So, Bitcoin, you know, Bitcoin is going to a million bucks. Bitcoin is going to 2 million, 10 million, whatever. Okay, fine. Okay, fine, Mr. Saylor. We believe you. You're the man. You're the man. You're the man. Okay. So look at this. So you. You're buying Bitcoin. Okay. This is Mr. Seder. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this? This is a 35x. A 35x. A 35x. Bitcoin made a 6x. Six for the ones you know, for the ones that don't, don't you know their ears are not working well, so I'm going to visualize it: 6x on Bitcoin, this is Bitcoin, whatever.

00:36:42
And a 35x on this one, 35x, you need to repeat yourself again, 35X in the same period since Bitcoin was at 15K and microsurgery was at that moment. 35X. And now, and then you got this microsurgery at every event. Yes. Out of the way. All those interviews. Out of the way. Out of the way. I'm coming. You should buy Bitcoin. You should buy Bitcoin. I'm buying Bitcoin. I'm never selling my Bitcoin. You don't have to sell your Bitcoin. Because, you know, by buying that Bitcoin, you're creating FOMO on your stock. You're making 35x. Why don't you tell us to just sell our Bitcoin? We're just going to buy MicroStrategy. We want to make a 35x also. Do you understand how these people are keeping you dumb? They're keeping you stupid.

00:37:42
They're keeping you. They don't want you. They are getting filthy rich. They will never show you how to get rich because they need you to work as a driver for them, open the door for them, to wash their toilets, to make them food, to deliver them food. You know, they need you. They need you. Because if they would make you rich, who's going to wash their toilets and do their groceries and drive them to whatever they want to go? Who? Who's going to do that? They are not going to do it themselves. They need you. You need to do that. And then they give you a little bit of salary, a little bit of money. And then you tell them, thank you, thank you, thank you. Oh, you get a bonus this month.

00:38:31
Oh, yeah, what's the bonus? Well, we're going to give you $500 because you're doing your best. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. Come on, guys. Be the freaking warriors. i can get so emotional from this okay so i need to skip this now i need to talk about something else i really need i really need to i need to talk about something because the more i talk i think about this that you know my hands start shaking my hands start shaking but you know guys you have to break the system you have to be smarter than that you have to read you you guys all need the mw glasses i need to

00:39:07
put the mw glasses on your on your eyes so when you read news when you hear people no not only glass so i need glasses with this you know it's the secret agent uh ear things you know earmuffs or whatever they call it so you put them in your ears so and then you know every time when someone tells you something or read some news and then you get mw translating it to you that's you know that's when you know you see mw mw is translating for you what they're telling you you know so you get you you all you guys all need the mw translator you know so when they say something i translate it to you this is what they're really telling that's what they oh my god oh it's a great stream already it's a great stream already it's a great we didn't even talk about shit coins and it's a great stream already

00:39:57
we didn't even start talking about altcoins or bitcoin and it's a great streamer so okay guys so um let me see let me see guys very important very important So, very important, so by the way guys, if if the markets will go into the if the marks you know also I saw this yesterday about it, I saw some funding rates on Bitcoin showing red, I was shocked, oh my god, red, yes, red, so uh Guys, I haven't seen this. Let me check it now again, because I haven't been checking on it. Oh, it's still, I'm still seeing red. Not all of them, but I'm seeing like slightly on Binance, BitMEX, Bybit. So I'm seeing a little bit of red. So Binance is basically the biggest one. But it's very strange.

00:40:50
Kraken, for example, it's a little bit higher and higher. And the rest is just equal. But, you know, Bybit, BitMEX, and so let's just say, especially Binance and Bybit, it's, you know, it's red. You know, you have to see it like this, guys. It's very simple. As long as this is not super red, but you have to listen to me. Funding rates on Binance, when they get red, you know, it's those exchanges, they, you know, they will do whatever it takes to keep the price up. You know, so uh, you have to keep this in mind: be very careful. You know, with shorts-shorts if you're taking any shorts, it should be in out in and out take the profits out, do it again, do it again.

00:41:36
So, this is basically what you're gonna see: when you're shorting um, or the price is going up for example like this, or maybe even like this. So, what you do is: short profits go out up again, okay? Sure, take the crap out of it, profits out. This is how you have to keep doing and over here, it's the same-down. You short it, take over, you take profits, it bounces up, take profits. Up, and if you're longing, it's the same story. So, if you're longing, if you're focusing on the longs, we're going to talk about them in a moment, guys. So, in, take profits, retrace to the indie, you go in again, boom! Out, take profits. Over here, you're going to do it again and at some point it's enough and then you think to yourself: okay, let me go to the next coin.

00:42:18
But we're going to talk about those in a moment. We're going to talk about, by the way, the stream is getting way too long. I'm talking a lot today. I probably miss you guys. So keep an eye on that; we will, I think, just chop around over here, maybe even push it even higher. If we're going to, and by the way, guys, very important, you have to keep this in mind: if, just if, because I have no clue what what Wall Street is going to do today. I really have no clue. So for me, I think that they're going to hold the markets; they will not allow them to dump very hard, for example, today. I don't think so. And that's because of the FOMC. So I think that they will probably hold the market.

00:43:01
So if we're going to retrace, I think it will be minimal. But you have to really keep in mind how this thing is going to close. so we're now not like retracing back into the indie i think something like that maybe you could even come to the indie over here possible they're going to flush out a little bit but if it's going to hold and especially the close is going to be very super important if the clothes will be in green we could get really good we can't bump on all the servers keep that in mind so we could get a lot of action going on in the weekend so while i'm saying this let's just go to those altcoins

00:43:46
so yes let me first of all start with the top 10 altcoins shared by gtc insider uh i was eyeing this coin i was liking what i was seeing to be honest i've seen these guys this is basically that you know you know what i've been showing you guys this is basically it so There is some high volume going on over here, and I was liking this guy Tottenham. So, okay, this is one of those points, Alex. So, you got this, this is a validation, a bang, boom. Over here, hold, boom, hold. If it's going to hold, maybe you're going to get the next boom. Because this thing, by the way, let me, let me, let me, let me, but this is important, by the way, guys.

00:44:30
This, by the way, I'm not talking, this is high volume, this is not about Koreans, so. This coin, this is buy-swept. This buy-swept, what I was eyeing, this buy-swept, whatever it is, I think it's an exchange or something that is doing whatever it is that they're doing. You know what I was liking about it? It's a $32 million market cap. $25 million, $32 million. So this thing, it doesn't take much to pump this up. You know? Are you feeling me? It doesn't take a lot of, you don't need a lot of money to pump this thing up, so this thing could just romp up; they just one tiny will could pump this thing up, one tiny will, but you have to respect the indicator, so just trade it on the style, just as educated.

00:45:23
But you have to keep in mind that this thing could, you know, make the next move up, but let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see if it's going to happen. So let me, I'm gonna put my alarm over here, on indicator 42 cents, like these, uh, like this, uh, let me see how it's looking on the one hour, on the one hour. Okay, we need first of all, we're below it now, so this is batteries; so first of all, we need to get above the indicator again. So this is the most important, but this is even more, let me remove this is even more important than, uh, this is even more important than holding. The four-hour to be honest.

00:46:02
If you want to find momentum on this coin, you see like this over here, we lost it down, down, down, the four-hour it held, and then over here, boom, boom, boom, then we broke. So I want the same over here. So I want this to see. So keep an eye on this. Buy, swap, bet, bet, swap. And you have to keep in mind that also this thing is a 24 million market cap on a volume of 53 million. At least I'm calling market cap. I don't know how it is on. I don't have it. I don't have it here. I don't think I'm sorry because there could be a difference over there. But listen, guys, keep an eye on this. I told you about it. Next one.

00:46:39
I've got this Vine, this meme coin, this Musk meme coin, whatever. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum. You're out. All right. Okay, let's get in again. It's mind-blowing. This Vine is meme coin. I don't know. It's, you know, Musk. I don't know why he's chilling this. I don't know. Yeah. 50 also guys 54 million market cap this thing could could really go bananas but you know the market cap don't for me it's too high now to chase it on this level but if this thing gets you know close to the indie you know Focus, focus, focus. Try the crap. You can make a lot of money. Then we got this Voxel. Same story as Voxel. Look what it is.

00:47:33
You know, Voxel over here is also, I think this is gaming or whatever it is, Voxies or Voxel. Also, same story. This thing is, you know, guys, 22 million market cap. With a volume of 50 million. 27. Fully diluted market cap. It already made this bump up. I don't remember. Because we shorted the crap out of this, by the way, I think. Yes. I think we shorted the crap. We shorted the crap out of it. Listen, guys. If the markets will hold. If the markets will hold. You know? If the markets will hold. Huddle. Huddle. This coin. Because, you know. There are a lot of coins like this, but you have to understand that this is the coin of volume. And then you can tell, well, but wait a minute, MW, this is dumped volume.

00:48:29
Yes, I agree with you. This is dumped volume. But even if it's dumped volume, it's volume. The money is flowing here. And people, when they see if it's dumped volume, at some point, they're going to put the reverse button. Because if too many people are dumping it. The funding rates will probably also be in favor of the blocks they get a minus, so it's very important to keep an eye on this, so this coin, also keep an eye on this coin. Uh, there are like you know, low market cap, high volume, I love this, is the best combination, but I love, and then let's go to this, what is this, uh, whatever, BMT, they always have got something, you know, BMT, this is a bubble map. Also liking, loving the, the, the, the, price movement, not liking, I'm definitely not liking this, it's on Binance, so this, the Binance gang is on it again, so let me be honest with you, this is one hour with I for sure.

00:49:41
So you're talking about longs and then you're going to flip. Yes, yes, yes. That's what professional traders do. You know, I know that a lot of you guys will, what, what? Are we bullish? Are we bearish? No, you're just, just look at the facts. So this one, this one is a short in my opinion. This one is really a short in my opinion. So I would short the crap out of this one, you know, and not now at the right time. but the right time but you know i would i would short the crap out of this one so i would be really focusing you know maybe this thing will go up with the markets and maybe we'll get you know this would be a nice short on a sunday afternoon for example you know for the ones that understand they understand so let me go to this one this one also by the way this this this this this uh in it in it

00:50:33
and it in it and what is in it doing what is in it uh i think that in it is in it i think that in it is just in it i think that in it is in it i think that in it is one of those coins that i'm also probably let me see if i'm saying this right this is also this is the same like bmt this is also one for the you know This is also a Dutch afternoon coin, you know. Guys, if you don't understand what Dutch afternoon coins are, let me explain it because maybe before you got to make some big mistake or whatever. Dutch afternoon coins are mostly the coins that it's just what we do is what we do is we, you know, when the markets close green, you get this Friday night.

00:51:27
pumps and then you get Saturday pumps and then you get Sunday morning pumps. The Koreans have done and the Asians have done their thing. And then the Dutch afternoon is, so the Dutch time, European West time, around, you know, one o'clock, two o'clock in the afternoon, then it starts most of the time. And then you'll see those dumps happen. It doesn't happen always, but it happens like 70, 80%. I know people from the retail firm that made really sick gains. They just trade this, you know, they just, you know. Dutch afternoon, let me show it. You know, they make a lot of money. It's madness, but no, yeah, that's what I do. You know, I'm always trying to break the code. So let's see. So let's see.

00:52:09
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Next one, Beam. Whatever Beam is doing, whatever it is doing. So, Beam is also high volume. Guys, you have to focus on these scores-you really can make a lot of money on them-you have to really focus on those coins, don't underestimate them when the money is flowing, you should be flowing with them, but this is this is another Beam, I don't know what Beam was on the list, this is another Beam, this is a Beam of 33 cents and there is a Beam x, I think the other one, so let me just skip this one. Turbo, by the way, guys, turbo-I want you just to know that Turbo was almost shorted here.

00:52:57
This was my entry, I think. This is one of the biggest. You see? Yeah. This was my entry, I think, over here. Short ETF, guys. Turbo. Woo! Look at this. It's now ramping up, ramping up. The money is flowing. Actually, you know, I was talking to a friend of mine yesterday. He told me it's really mind-blowing MW. And after, you know, talking Dutch. From the moment that you told us that you know people might start flipping their money into crypto again, he told me there was no way back; it just started romping up like crazy. But look at this guy, so turbo, uh guys, this is on my short EDFI, I took huge, huge profits on this one sick profit on this dump down and you know, I might do it again.

00:53:41
I'm not interested, so this is also a shorty, short AI XBT, oh lovely, hit the buy zone, and this is really, but uh, but we gotta talk a little; I don't know if I've got the time, but I need to talk a little bit about these uh, I need to talk about these AI agents. By the way, nice short over here, look at this back into the zone, and there we go again, there we go; we just need to break this zone over here, see this, just need to break this. You know, let me put my alarm over here, and then off she goes again, you know these AI agents they go hard, guys; they really go really hard, and then we got move I, you know I've been talking about this short the crap.

00:54:28
Out of it and we did shorten the crap out of it a lot of times and then you got this Trump Foundation, whatever I don't know why they chose this going to lengthen it to buy it put it you know still it and then boom down you know it's just no it's not You know, these days, you know, sometimes I miss Gary Gensler, you know. These guys are just doing whatever it is that they want to do. So they're just wrecking people. Look at this. Now it got delisted from Coinbase and they're doing some research. I don't, you know, it's just one big puppet show. But, you know, that's why you have to listen to MW.

00:55:03
When I'm, you know, when I'm warning you about a coin, when I'm telling you, listen, this could be on the short list, or we might kind of hit the short on this. You have to be careful. I'm not telling you that I'm shorting or that I'm bearish about something because I just felt like it-no, there is always a reason for it. So, let me go quickly to the Koreans uh, because we're running out of time, guys uh, the Koreans, Korea so we got this going on, the Koreans, I don't know what they're doing, so CTC, keep an eye on this, CTC uh, we got Injective, I love Injective by the way and you know, I really hope, I really hope. But I was eyeing this-you see, it was the same like I told you guys over here. Up above it, come back, retest it, daily indicate, and then off she goes. And the off she goes could still happen, guys. You have to keep an eye on this Injective coin. I want you to really keep an eye on this, especially the high-volume traders. So, the high-volume traders, I want you to keep an eye on this, so use the 1-hour, 4-hour, 15-minute mark.

00:56:12
Indicator and just I because if the Koreans because you have to see like this guy's these Koreans are dangerous people And if they you know if they're gonna put their you know, you know, you know, you're feeling me and then we got this exact Look at this guys Koreans guys Koreans are on this Yes, Koreans. Yes. Yeah, you probably don't believe me But I was just as shocked as you guys were what is this Koreans are interesting in this court Koreans they have it let me let me look for it where is it where is it where is it koreans koreans koreans where are you are you are you are what is it where

00:56:55
are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

00:57:03
you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you What are the numbers on this coin, by the way? What are the numbers on this coin? What are the numbers on this coin? 450. Keep an eye on it. Look at this. Look at this. E-cash. Okay. Next one. Kaito. Kaito. Look at Kaito. Kaito. Whatever. This is why I don't like the Koreans when I see them doing things like this. Stay away from that one.

00:57:32
Then you got this one. E-gold. Are we short of this thing to death from here by the way, but look at this Koreans are romping it up. I don't know why they got this ATH Short of the crap out of this one now, you know, I would still sort of cut now. I'm just joking Just stay away from this one. I'm not interested in ATH. I mix. Okay. Look at this guys You know, this is really Koreans. They're just pumping all those dead coins. I maximax is supposed to be one of the best projects in crypto, ever. Look where it is made a new all-time low and it's now bouncing off from it. Keep an eye on this one. And then you got Suey Suey Suey Suey so Suey is also very popular among them.

00:58:19
By the way, I wanted to show you guys this one by the way, today it you know my alarms went off and I thought to myself, 'Why is this thing dumping? Why is this SNS dumping? You know it's almost at all-time low. Look at this, what's going on with this SNS. Let me let me check this together. By the way, this is not Koreans by the way guys. I wish the Koreans were on this because they would have they would have pumped it to that. They can pump this coin to whatever. By the way, guys, I don't own any SNS. I'm not chilling and I'm definitely Not telling you to buy it, so calma calma. We're gonna analyze it together. I didn't even watch it, so I'm gonna watch it now, but who is this freak that is dumping this coin?

00:59:05
This coin is now at $1. 26 million market fully diluted 2. 76, what's going on, why is data dead? I'm just dicing around, let me see... uh, I've got some with these guys, but I just don't get it. No, let me go to their website. What's going on with these people? Are they just ruging people? This is this a rug? This is just a scammy thing. You know, it's making me a bit angry. And I'm not even losing, I didn't even lose any money on it, and it's making me angry. What if what if someone lost money on it? He would be pissed as hell. Here it is-sign is one, okay, let's go. The sign is one has got 60 almost 70k followers, okay, okay...

01:00:12
so I got first of March AI whatever, and then 30th of April, yeah, like two days ago. They're active, so new train campaigns are live. Train AI on the future, okay? Let me see some run oh let me, let me go into the comments. Run from this project team is doing nothing. Token is dead, okay. It's 14 day, 14 hours ago. Run from this project team is doing nothing. Is that well? Is that because you're saying that or why? What is what is what is what is your you know? So 25, I'm going to be honest with you. I'm a little bit scared of these guys. They all promise you, 'we are AI', 'we are this', 'we are that', everyone is AI this way.

01:01:04
If we all, for 20 bucks a month, we can get ourselves the best AI tool ever, ChatGPT, and we can just ask him to do and build anything we want. He can build us a crypto project in five minutes. And then all we have to do is find people that want to invest in it. i'm just saying but uh for me i'm not so interested in the fundamentals of this course or whatever you know what i'm interested in is there any you know are the koreans interested in this coin for example or are they going to get some listings and that's something uh you know i don't know i don't know i just don't know so this is super this is but this dump is you know who's dumping this who's doing this i really don't know So even though if I would buy this crap, I would use play money.

01:01:59
And what is play money? Play money is money. You know, this is play money. So if you ever hear me say play money, remember this. This is play money. So you're sitting home with your boyfriend, girlfriend, or with your son, nephew, whatever. And he's telling you, hmm, I'm hungry. Okay. Should we order something? Yes, let's order something. What are you going to order? Let's do Burger King. Okay. What do you want? I want two burgers, some fries, some drinks for two persons or three persons. Okay. That's play money. So the exact amount that you're going to pay for that shit food or McDonald's or whatever. So that same amount, that's play money. So, you know, you're sitting at home. You know what?

01:02:45
I'm going to put like, you know, 30 bucks, 40 bucks of SNS and I'm going to buy it. And you know I'm gonna forget about it, maybe it's gonna make me 10x 20x 30x I don't know, and then you know, when you get hungry instead of ordering your burger from King, you just make yourself a sandwich at home, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, it's that easy, it's that easy. So uh, that's about SNS, uh, then we've got this one from Salsara, who was eyeing Housecoin because I think Ansem is buying this. I think I saw it myself that he was flipping Fartcoin in this Housecoin. By the way, guys, keep an eye on this Housecoin.

01:03:32
It could be the next, you know, if this Ansem guy has got a lot of, you know, I already, you guys know what I did with Ansem, right? Or did you guys forget? Just tell me, please. You guys know what I did with Ansem. Did you guys know what I did with Anson? You guys don't know what I did with Anson. I know you guys don't care. You forget it, that's just how you guys are. That's just how you guys are. You just forget everything. Let me tell you what I did with Anson. I'm going to show you what I did with Anson. I didn't even know. By the way, guys, I didn't even know who Anson was. And I still don't know who he is. And I don't even want to know who he is. I don't care about it. So there was one guy. He told me, listen, I'm talking. Did you know that? Oh. We hit the 130. He told me, did you know that Ansen is chilling this far? I don't. It was around over here. Well, he's very bullish on it, and he says he's going to make one. Okay, open the shorts.

01:04:35
But let me tell you, because I was explaining Salsa with this. Do you really think that my decision to short Fartcoin over here was based on because Anson was shilling it? No, guys. That's just for show. That's just for entertainment. The decision why I decided to show Fartcoin over there is because of other things. Other professionals, they would see it. It's not because, because, because Anson's talking. But, you know, but, you know, but this buy zone at 20 cents was, I think that this is the best performing coin that is on the long ETF. This is a five, six, seven, X. It's you know this is this is really the best performing coin uh

01:05:26
so uh but it's not uh so let me go uh very fast through some points that we also guys it's a long stream I'm sorry but you know the weekend is coming in and it's the most important uh stream because most of people they trade in the weekends and I really need to prepare you for this uh, the ones that have been getting wrecked over here I'm sorry for you. I told you to just stay away from it uh I saw this one was pumping again but I was I already told you guys this thing I already explained you guys but this was nasty. But look at this, we closed above the indie. This was look at this, I told you so. If you took that trade well, congrats to you and then we got signal, you know you remember signal? I told you over. Here's a sign, I told you guys, sign is giving me a sign. You know, this was our sign. I know that some of you guys still got this position open. I know. I just know it. I just know that you guys still have this position open. I told you sign is giving us a sign.

01:06:41
Let's see how big the sign was. 34%. That's a great sign. Okay, guys. That's about it, guys. I have to close it up. Thank you all for watching. Thank you for joining in. Be prepared, guys. Just like I explained to you at the beginning. Be prepared. Let's see how the markets are going to close. If they're going to close in red, that will change because I will not be there. So if they're going to close on red, that will change everything. Focus more on the shorts, dad. But even if you are going to focus on the shorts, wait for levels to hit because keep in mind that these guys are also autistic. Most of the times on Fridays and Saturdays, they like to pump markets up. So wait for the Sundays.

01:07:30
Sundays are much easier to short the crap out of. But keep in mind how this one is very important, how it's going to close. Please keep an eye on this one. So if this one really is going to show a lot of power, because, you know, I know just FOMC is coming, so they will probably, they're going to push. Although this is a lot of resistance, by the way, guys. But they will, you know, they might push this up. They could. They really could. Although it's really madness if this thing goes even up to these levels, in my opinion. But with the Fed coming, you know, it's just what they do. It's just what they do. You cannot help these guys. It's just what they do. So if this thing runs up over here and closes in green, we might get really a nice. We're going to get a nice weekend either way, short or long. But it will help you to know, listen, are we going to focus more on the longs or on the shorts? I think it's going to be a great trading weekend for those who are going to trade on the weekends, the altcoins. And today also, have a nice one. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one.
*** Live Stream 05-06-2025 Important Charts to watch right now! How to trade FED Meeting Volatility like a pro! *** 

00:00:03
Welcome, welcome, welcome, Get Ready Crypto and welcome, welcome retail familia. Welcome, welcome to another live stream. We're going to talk about a lot today, guys. So it's going to be, I think, a little bit of a long stream today. So we're going to talk about financial markets. We're going to talk about Bitcoin. We're going to talk about Trump. We're going to talk about Mr. Powell. We're going to talk about the FOMC. We're going to talk about the Koreans. We're going to talk about crypto. We're going to talk about altcoins here. I'm going to talk about so much, you know, what more do you guys want from me? I'm going to give you everything, everything. So if you're subscribed to this channel, maybe it's time to tell your neighbor next to you.

00:00:43
Maybe it's time that you start following that guy because he will tell you everything you need to know. If you're trading gold, silver, stocks, indices, crypto, Bitcoin, it's everything. So instead of watching all those guys in the suits, you know, Mr. Hans Gritzel, I am the, you know, the economic expert. I work at the Deutsche Bank and I'm going to tell you how to make money well. Tell them watch this guy. Maybe you're going to do your job better for your clients. So welcome, welcome retail fam. I'm going to start off with the Germans. It's all about the Germans today. So for my German community over here, welcome, especially to you. So I'm going to put you in the spotlight today. Sorry for the rest of the nationalities that are following me. But today it's all about the Germans. So why is it about the Germans? Because I think that the Germans are bigger regions than Koreans, Chinese, Japanese. Together, mixed, you know, combined. I don't care. Look at this chart. This is their mine shaft pumping. Their stocks, they're pumping them into, let's go to the moon. And by the way, guys, if you don't see, this is not the one-minute chart. This is the monthly chart. Just look at this.

00:02:24
Germany! Okay, guys, the ones, you know, the ones that are, you know, the ones that are from Germany, kill the chat. Just kill the chat with we are Dijans. We are the biggest Dijans in the world. Look at their mindshaft. Look at their mindshaft. Look at this monthly candle. Because if you would analyze candles, if you would see this monthly candle closing like this, this candle was, you know, it's almost 100 sure that this is gonna follow; look at this candle close; look at this, it's what they call a hammer, just for the ones, you know, for the ones that are gonna join the beginners trading course. I'll explain you guys what hammers are and you know, you've got all these names about these candles and they do have some kind of impact but it's just; most of the time for sure.

00:03:12
But this is a monthly hammer. This is the hammer of Thor. And the hammer of Thor, a lot of people think like, you know, a hammer is bearish. No, it's not bearish. When you see a hammer like that, that's super bullish. But look at this, guys; you know, I was just talking to Salsroth. Shout out to Salsroth for joining us today. Also, I was telling her, listen, you know, I don't give a crap about the most beautiful woman in the world. I just don't care. This is what gets me excited, this when I see this, this is you know this is when I get hyper so let the music run, boom, boom.

00:05:32
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So very quickly, what do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? We got Leon. We got Mannschaft. That's one of the Mannschaft. We got Delvish. We got Alton Jerez. The other Mannschaft. Xcaro, Ziggy. What do we got? Marissa. We got Trent. Flakes. We got Mark Bargainhouse. Mark Collette. Welcome, bro. Trevo. Trent. We got Ronald. We got Escaping. Still Medija. We got Christopher Spaceman Scoop Bar Chanism, I haven't seen Chanism yet so a new one welcome bro, Oh who's this, I don't know what it is, Edwin, uh we got to talk, he's in the house Kirk, Elena is in the guy Jules Beaver, Amirose my bro, Waleed Lazyberg Roy, Who received bueno, in green pip we got Skull Sata

00:06:31
Evelina, The Dark is with us, oh the dog is with us Pedro, we got Mama Dolly in the house Rosie, Phil Reckon for Jerry Danny Dicks Tanya Medic Benjamin Bergman Shop he God is in the house Nicholas Jawar hello hello hello guys Oh thank you thank you guys how high could this possibly go Oh this is something you want me you know I haven't I haven't analyzed it yet, you want me to analyze it together with you guys now? I think it’s going to get too long. I haven’t analyzed. I’m so excited by seeing this thing pump so hard. I haven’t even analyzed this yet. But just if you want me to do a very quick one. So let me, for example, take this pump from Darmanshav to this pump.

00:07:23
Let’s just see. So this is not valid. so this bump was you know guys i'm telling you this is really madness what's going on over here so did we ever ever ever have have a pump like this you know i can't even measure this so this one was you know man you know i have to really analyze this thing where is this thing going where is the i really have no clue where it's going you know where is this thing i have a clue but i have to analyze it this will take me some time to time maybe i need an hour for this to analyze where this thing is going and when it's gonna you know retrace to make some money so so my new partnership is live guys so i have a new partnership so especially for the ones that like to trade the dax us 500 whatever commodity stocks just name it so i've got a new partnership it's prime xtb

00:08:22
So, just for the record, I've been, you know, I partnered up with, it was just a small partnership, but for like a week with PrimeXDB, you know, It was a very old, slow training platform. I didn't like it at all. And they also, the reason it was like for a week and then I ended it because why? Because there were you had to pay a lot of money for overnight fees. So, you know, I told them, okay, so. Not gonna happen on my watch, so that's when I close it down. So, but they have been rebranding and they solve this overnight fees thing, so the overnight feasting uh is also solved. And they have been renewing their their their trading platform; I'm going to make a tutorial about it, so just bear with me.

00:09:03
I will show you. Also, let me be super honest with you guys: they have the monopoly in crypto, so they are the only ones – you know, I've been researching this for over a month they are the only ones that own a platform where you can trade it's like CFDs, you know; you can trade them all um using crypto, using USDT. They are the only one, the only one, with volume, with liquidity because a lot of, a lot of them you know, there are some other exchanges also offering them, but it's Just stay away from it because you know, I've checked them all and it's really horrible; there's no liquidity, zero liquidity over there. So, you're gonna get wrecked. So, they are the only ones, so I'm going to make a tutorial.

00:09:55
If you want to open up an account, there is one, I think, in the YouTube description, I hope. I don't know if it's added, but you can find it in my bio in the Linktree. So, in the Linktree also, I think that GTC Insider also has been shared over there. So, you can sign up over there, send me your UID, and especially for the high-volume traders that are interested in trading. you know more than only crypto so crypto is a little bit dead and you want to trade commodities forex you want to trade uh stocks you want to trade or whatever so uh especially for the for the high volume traders group that is coming up uh that's when i you know when i'm gonna do those webinars i'm gonna talk about stocks stocks that i'm interested in uh to to long short

00:10:40
uh forex pairs etc etc so in high volume traders group that will happen over there because in all those webinars we're going to do like that so also i want to talk about you know um the the beginners trading course it's getting close getting closer we're just waiting for some things but just guys keep in mind keep in mind keep in mind that i'm very busy doing a lot of stuff in my life and one of those things are making these live streams and analyzing markets and eyeing altcoins and doing a lot of stuff in my life so just keep in mind that those beginners Courses are not for free, uh, so you know. I hope, I really mean it, but what I'm saying now is that I hope that not too many people will take those courses, to be honest.

00:11:24
I really I want just a small, decent group, You know, that I can schedule and then, you know, I can do whatever this doesn't do, and then I'm not for free. So if you just you know, it's too much money because there is a part going to charity, 35% I think, 65% will go to the to the marketing thing of TTC. So just keep in mind that you know i educate you guys also on my live streams that's why you guys are here with me and that's why also the subscription of the live streams are not for free so i do i really give it my all to give you guys the most possible offer out there so please don't go all uh take this training course uh whatever just just i'm

00:12:07
giving you guys a lot on my live streams at least three four times a week so the trading course with is really for someone that is really interested from you know learning from from from start one and again these things are not cheap so please please please please just watch my live streams and you know focus on those ones and only join the beginners course if you really want to learn from step one just like a baby from step one how do i analyze and how do i trade and how do i etc protect my capital etc so and for the for the high volume traders i will get back to you uh very soon so first of all guys this dax what is it doing what's tax doing what is tax doing what is this you know first of all you know we've got the the the the the the the german uh german uh The German government, I think it was, I don't, you know, maybe I'm wrong, just check it out.

00:13:05
But I think they announced that they were going to pump 50 billion or I don't know how much it was to their own stocks. I don't know. You know, I said it already. People are laughing at the Germans for selling their Bitcoin. Look at these scandals, guys. So this Dex is going bananas. And, you know, I'll update in a later stadium when I think that it's enough. By the way, guys, we're going to, on the weekly, we've got sort of like a triple, I think. It's even more than a triple. But look at this, guys. But I think the power that I'm seeing over here, if something can break this thing up, it's the Germans. Let me just say that. So this is FOMO. And how do I see that this is FOMO?

00:13:58
Because my indicator shows me that, you know, look. Look at this. Look at the indicator. Look, look how FOMO looks like. Look, look, this is how FOMO looks like. Don't look when it's invalidated. It doesn't matter. Look at this. So basically, this was the dump over here. This was on a 15-minute look-up entry; you take profits over here, entry you're out, break even, this was your next entry over here, this one, small, small game, your entry and this was the gap of the weekend. You know, basically what happened in the weekend, a lot of you guys, because things have gotten a little bit, you know, our analyze was good. So, the markets closed green. Powell is coming up. So, the pre-pump, I think that the pre-pump will still happen, by the way.

00:15:07
I think this is just, you know, I've seen this a lot of times because some narrative comes in between it. And then you got this scammy dump. But then the marks will pump up again before power, that's how I see that's how I've been seeing it so don't think that you know oh well the pre-pump is involved I don't think so I don't think so and I don't believe that I think that the pre-pump will still happen but over here this was the gap that we opened up uh this one's with Trump uh new tariffs and he even you know I don't know if I read it right but he even said that he wants tariffs on on American movies or on Netflix or whatever. Yes.

00:15:53
So if we're going to watch a movie from Netflix or something, we have, you know, if we're not Americans, we have to pay extra tariffs to watch Hollywood. Is it right, Salza? Am I right? Yes, 100%. Well, the tariff is 100%. And you are right a hundred percent so well, whatever, so it's... You know, this guy is really getting crazy, he's unstoppable, and I don't think that he will stop, he will not stop, he will keep going on. So now, uh, we have to watch uh German movies, I think or French movies or Dutch movies Dutch people have some nice movies also. Yeah. But, you know, either way, this was the gap below it, below it. Look at this. Look at this. Okay, we had this Trump drama.

00:16:48
Okay, who cares? Darmanschaft. This is FOMO. Look, even under five minutes. Look at this. Look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Invalidated. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I think it's just a matter of minutes and this thing will be over. But okay, enough about it. Let me go to the US 500. So the US 500, basically what they're doing, the market's open, by the way. What time is it? I think the market's open already. So look at this. Yes. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. So we're, you know, you had this dump. There's no dump. There's no dump. So this is just, we are just going, just like I told you on Friday, we're just going, they will just.

00:17:34
let me show where's my other you know here it is you know they're just going to bump they're just bumping you know whatever trump is trying his best to you know to get these autistic guys but it's it's you know you know it's it's it's it's very simple they're just pretty popular this will probably go much higher that's what i think i think it will go much higher so i think i think so this is powell so i think that the next level to watch is 720. Yes, that's what I think you know you know Trump is trying its best but it's not working, look at this, look at this, I seem like nothing bearish about this, look at this, we came below it but there is no momentum because this is, I think, this is where markets opened, markets boom so I could be totally wrong, but based on the facts and based on history and based on how I see it, this thing will probably just bump. So even if it would dump down, it gets into the indicator and it goes up. So it's just like, you know, Wall Street does not like to dump before Powell opens up his mouth.

00:18:55
Do you remember? It was, I think it was last year. I think, what was it again? Paul was at a big event and I think someone, someone came in and started shouting. He came onto the stage, I don't know. And then I think he said something like, 'Who the fuck opened the door?' Oh, I'm sorry. He said that. He said, 'So if Paul can say that, the most powerful person in the world, in my opinion, why can I not say something like that? He just said, 'Who the fuck opened that door or something?' I love Powell, by the way, guys. I really love him. I think that Powell is the most powerful person in the world. That's what I think. So I think that they will, you know, they will do just like they always do.

00:19:42
They will just pre-pump this. I know Trump is trying to compete with him, but he cannot. Trump, he cannot. Powell is the man. Paul is the man. Paul is the man. And he's pumping this up. So let me show you Netflix because Netflix is also, look, Netflix. So this was the news came out here. So we had this dump down. And Netflix is like, you know, retesting the indicator over here. So let me put an alarm over here. But, you know, by the way, guys, just for you guys to understand that this is why. This is why he's doing that. Are you seeing this? Why do you think that Trump did this? Look at this. Trump doesn't like coins that pump. Look at this. Do you see where we are?

00:20:33
Are you seeing this candle? Well, you know, I have Netflix. And Netflix sucks past months. No new good movies. No nothing. No. Maybe you guys disagree but you know so why is this thing pumping look where it is look where Netflix is at this moment this is a rise of what is this this is a rise of this is just from September 22, you could make make a 6x, so basically Netflix did just as good as Bitcoin or even better. Did you just say that? Yes, I said that. Yes. This thing did 633. What did Bitcoin do? Oh, we're going to talk about that in a moment. I want to know. I want to know. Did Netflix really do better than Bitcoin? Because, you know, we have to be really ashamed of ourselves. We need to be ashamed of ourselves if Netflix. Is doing better than Bitcoin? It's you know, you should be really ashamed of yourself, we all of us, everyone that believes in crypto, if Netflix did better than Bitcoin, we should be ashamed of ourselves. Let's see, let's see, I hope, really please don't, please, please. Bitcoin,

00:22:12
Netflix did better than Bitcoin. We should be ashamed of ourselves. We should be really ashamed. Shame on us. Shame. Shame. Netflix did better than Bitcoin. So the whole world adopted Bitcoin, not Netflix. The whole world, every freaking institution that we know all over the world has been adopting Bitcoin. Every bank is buying Bitcoin. Sailor. Is buying almost all the bitcoin in the world and freaking Netflix did better than bitcoin, it's it's a disgrace, guys.

00:23:06
So we're so proud of ourselves. Yes, we are crypto guys. We're going to get rich. Yes. Do you understand now why I'm not interested in Bitcoin? I never was. I don't give a crap about Bitcoin, bro. I just don't. You know, let Michael Saylor buy all the Bitcoin available in the world. I don't care.

00:23:28
Guys, you know, you will never, ever, ever, ever find one. Influencer in the world crypto influence I'm talking about that will show you tell you this nobody you know why because they need you in crypto they don't want you to leave you need to stay in crypto or at least in bitcoin look at this freaking Netflix outperforming Bitcoin

00:24:06
it's enough about this we're going to talk about financial markets you know it's time to go to some uh do some uh you know do some but first of all please guys keep in mind that you know that I'm still expecting the markets to pre-pump uh powell because that's what they always do so don't ask me why that's what they always do It's that simple. You don't have to do any TA. You don't have to calculate. You don't have to make trend lines. Paul, pump. Pump, Paul. No, P, P. Paul, pump. So let me go to, let me go, what happened to, because this was in a weekend, you know, Trump was like, you know, you know, well, you know, you know, I'm not going to let those crypto guys have a nice weekend.

00:25:02
Yeah, so in the weekend because he chooses his moments obviously when the markets are closed and only crypto is ruling then he comes with these sick but you know um Bitcoin has shown a little bit of too much of weakness over here I don't know why I don't know why but you know first of all we had this you know this one came up to the indie we didn't hit the indie yet let me see how it's looked on the 12 hour chart it's you know it's in the Indian a four hour below it so For now, guys, you have to keep in mind that this is your danger zone on the four-hour This is for now So Bitcoin is showing a little bit of weakness against the markets But I've analyzed this by the way because this has happened more in the past weeks What I'm seeing is that you know Bitcoin is only going up when Michael Saylor is buying That's it So without Michael Saylor

00:25:59
We could be at 80k now So it's at this moment I think that even the world, the whales, everyone they're like you know okay, Michael, you want to buy it up? Just go and buy it up We don't care Just buy it up We just stay and wait when the super whales come hunt you down to liquidate the crap out of you And that's when we got to buy Bitcoin. So you just do your thing. Keep buying all the Bitcoin in the world. Fine by us. Just do your thing, Mike. It's your show. It's your show. So you want to sell all your MicroStrategy stocks, and you're going to lend a lot of money. You're going to borrow a lot of money. You're going to leverage yourself to death on Bitcoin.

00:26:43
Be our guest. Just go buy it. You know, I would just, out of principles, if MicroStrategy is buying this crazy amount of Bitcoin for I don't know what reason, out of principles, I would not buy it. bitcoin at least not at this level so uh i'm seeing a question about about about about warren buffett guys you know guys you know that warren buffett is my role model uh you know he's about the only one that i would you know it's my dream to but he doesn't trade but to do trading competition with warren so warren is really my you know he's my number one investor let's just say it like this and basically let's

00:27:26
just say the most important part about what warren buffett said is you know i think that he needs somewhere so it's time for him to to leave to leave his job whatever this is he doing the guys i don't know i don't know what it is but listen guys warren buffett warren buffett is um warren buffett warren buffett The two most important Things that Warren Buffett said is, well, first of all, that he's going to make plays for Anu. I don't know who it's going to be, but he's still holding cash. So even, because I know now for sure that he's not watching my live streams. I know for sure that he's not watching my live streams now. So basically he didn't buy this double bottom. He didn't buy this.

00:28:22
Very strange in my opinion. I don't understand. Because I think that Warren Buffett made a mistake over here. He didn't buy this. I just don't get it. He should have bought this one. But again, he is not a trader. So maybe he's like, you know, I don't care. But, you know, this is Mr. Buffett. You really missed. This is a 20% move, Mr. Buffett. So, Buffett made a big mistake, in my opinion, over here. So he should have just listened because a 20% is a lot, guys. It's really huge for an industry like US 500. A bounce of 20% is a lot. So I think that he made a mistake over there, but that was not, for me, the most important part about Warren Buffett was the fact that he said, it's smart to diversify your.

00:29:16
Currencies meaning what he said is just like I've been telling you it's good to have used the euro maybe yen maybe one maybe the bricks when it comes out he said that openly that's that's nuclear in my opinion that when he said that that's really you know people really don't think about this too much but Oh, no. It's huge, guys, that he said that. If Warren Buffett says maybe it's time that, you know, it's smart to have, you know. I would suggest if you own a lot of money, and I don't know, if you have the US dollar or you have the euro, if you have whatever, listen to the guy. I would do the same. You know, I've already been doing that for years, but listen to the guy.

00:30:14
Don't leave your money, for example if you own the euro maybe it's time to flip your road to something not all of it but just a small part but you know do some research on that one so uh okay enough about this guy's Vix by the way they're pushing it down just like I told you so we didn't hit the bottom here so I I'm expecting by Powell day this thing will hit these levels, that's what I think that's what I think, I could be totally wrong. Is the DEX still pumping? Yes, the DEX is just doing whatever it is that it's doing. Look at this hammer in the making on the Euro 50, by the way, and this hammer in the making on the US 500. This thing is an inverted one.

00:30:52
So, yeah, let's see. So, for now, again, same story. So, we had this reaction of Trump in the weekend. And so we had some red on the markets. So there were some beautiful members. I'm going to show you. There was one guy in the weekend. He told me, MW, what's going on? MW, I want to share with you something. He's a Russian guy. I want to share with you, MW, I want to say thank you. I want to send you one big bottle of Russian vodka. He's very funny, this guy. I told him, why, bro? He told me, I made 133K. Oh, congrats, bro. He told me in the weekend. What did you do? He told me, I used your indicator and I shorted this in the weekend. I thought, well, great.

00:31:45
And he told me, I added to my short at here while I was engaged. I told him, oh. He told me, I never did this in my life. I shorted and I added to my short while I was shorting. This is incredible, guys. I've got so many fans all over the world. Russians-I've got Russian and Ukrainians. They're both followers and Redefined members. If they would just talk to each other, make a little bit of peace together, that would be super, super great. But look at this. This guy, though, told me, did you see your indicator or not? I didn't see it, bro. I didn't trade it; I was a little bit busy on the weekend. Oh, yeah, but listen, look at this. Oh, I was so. I was so happy for this guy.

00:32:30
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Pung, pung, pung, pung. Because, over here, you don't have the financial markets to interrupt the indicator. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. And this was the jackpot. Jackpot over here. Pung. Pung. And now we're going Pung. And I reject it again. Punk, do you realize how much money this is? Guys, let me remove the indicator. Look at this guys! Do you know how much money this is? You know, you know for sure this doesn't happen a lot. So this happens, you know it happens because most of the times you can catch maybe two, three moves and then it gets invalidated after wait, but this like this one, this was just perfection

00:33:25
because over here because you know these guys, you know especially Typhoon they don't care, they disrespect the indie boom add to it boom add to it boom add to it because they're already engaged, they don't care, they go heavier boom add to it add to it add to it and over here they get payday, this is payday for them and I think most of the guys cash out over here, they catch it on this double but this, this is our money, guys, it's Bitcoin, just go, go bananas on it. They don't care. So this Russian guy, his name is, what is... I cannot say his name. I cannot say his name. So this is, it was beautiful. It was beautiful. I was so happy for him. You know, I'm so happy for him.

00:34:08
I didn't trade this, by the way. I really didn't. I was very busy with some other stuff also related to crypto. You know, but this is a beauty so for now this is looking so, I don't know. Michael is not buying; Mikey is not buying. You know when Mikey's not buying, you're probably gonna see this, but guys this is so important. When you get these moves, you can make really sick money not only on Bitcoin, also on altcoins, also an office can make a lot of money on this one. So okay, so you guys want me to talk? I think about Layer; I think you guys want me to talk about that. Okay, okay,

00:34:42
guys, you have to understand: the only reason why I'm gonna talk about Layer now is because this is, you know, we are like private on YouTube; nobody can see it's only for the ones that are subscribed so this is why I'm gonna; I'm not gonna talk about Layer anymore on X until it dumps down at least 50 percent from the top. I'm not gonna talk about it anymore, you know why? Because I'm a bit done with this uh because you know this is one of those coins that... Certain exchanges are hunting the retail fan down; although they're trained to trade this and they're probably gonna make a lot of money. But they are; they are hunting them down. So, that's the reason why I'm not talking about until it dumps 50%.

00:35:26
So, that's why so basically let me tell you this: Team is making a lot of money on this. They're shorting the crap out of it. So every time when this thing pumps up, you'll see something like this. But let me show you guys this: look at this, we had this one; this was the next level that I was eyeing myself personally, so this one. And then you can also make uh something like this, because you have to; you have to understand, guys. Let me just say this: what did I tell you? One of my last ones-one of look at this, I've seen this; this was perfection, this was perfection, this was just purely perfection, but you have to see it like this, guys. I tweeted something about this on Twitter, in one of my last tweets.

00:36:11
I told you guys, listen: Layer is my new stable coin. And I'm not lying-one letter from what I wrote there. Layer is my; layer really is my stable coin. What does that mean? All the trades made are getting flipped into Layer, short. If this thing would even make another 50%, it will get flipped there. So it's really a big, big, big war and I have to be honest that layer is one of those coins that you know they are giving us really a fight so this is really a fight so you know this happens maybe uh maybe five percent of the time so like like you know when you make like 20 of those taste rates

00:36:55
you'll get like one like layer so layers really, really giving us the big fight we're prepared for we're prepared for it we don't give a crap so for us it's just pump it up as much as you can we don't care as long as you don't make a 10, 20 x but you know if you want to make another two, three, four, five x we don't care we're ready for it we don't think you can by the way but uh even if you would do it we're ready for because you know We did not jump in here. We're at the top. We're over here. We jumped. We started doing this over here from this box. So over here was Jesuit. So they're really, really giving us a big, big challenge.

00:37:31
But you have to understand that only this dump down, because a lot of you guys will probably not understand this, only this candle down is already we are running in profits. We're already running a profit. I know it's mind-blowing. It's sick, but we're already in profits on this layer. So even here, the current price, we are running in profits. So you have to see it like this. So first of all, really nail this target over here. This was really perfection. This is really perfection. Let me see. Let me see one moment, please. Let me make this a little bit more beautiful. So you can see it so this thing now let me put on the indicator by the way I was eyeing it how it's gonna close why am I not seeing the indicator because I bet the wrong chart, okay.

00:38:24
So let me go to Layer do I have layers the same chart wait a minute, wait a minute uh this is what what chart is this ah what chart is this what layer is it, this one no is it this one let me see I've got a lot of Layer charts guys, no it's not this one also okay forget about it let's just go on this one so let me let me remove this. First of all I've said this already I told you listen the last time that we tested the indicator was over here 8th April. We never tested it really again. So in my opinion, it's just a matter of time. So this thing could still crop up if they're going to hold it up. Let me use another layer. I want another layer. Where is my other layer?

00:39:24
Oh, this is the one. So for me, it's just a matter of time. This thing is going into the indie. This thing is going into the indie because this, I see this is, you know, At some point, I'm going to teach you this. But, you know, this is just air. This is just Ponzi. This is just leverage. This is whatever it is. This is just pure, pure Ponzi. This has nothing to do with being bullish on layer, whatever it is they're doing. Maybe they invented the new crypto chain. I don't give a crap. This is just. Wills hunting retailers down on the short that's it that's what you're seeing over here and I've seen

00:40:15
it a lot of times in my life I've seen it on Barra I've seen it on decks I've seen it on fire I've seen it on everything, all those coins and Anna I've seen it all but it's always the same ending and then you can tell me every price goes down at some point, yes it does but not as big as these. Because these dump like 80, 90% in a matter of two, three weeks. So you cannot compare those two. VeChain will not dump 80, 90%. ETH will not dump 80, 90%. Bitcoin will not dump 80, 90%. LINK will not dump 80, 90%. This one could dump 80, 90%. That's the big difference. This is the big difference between the ones that we chase trade and the ones that we don't.

00:41:03
Because this is just a lot of air. Everything that you're seeing here is pure, pure, pure manipulation. So you have to see it like this. These guys that are in layer, oh my God, I talk so much about layer. I don't want to talk about it anymore. These people that are pumping up layer, they have only one purpose. They're just thinking about one thing. When are we going to dump it? When can we dump it? That's all they think about, day and night. When are we going to dump the crap out of this one? I think that the unlock is also closing in; like you know, I think something like uh six days or four, seven days, but you have to see it like this.

00:41:45
My opinion is if this thing is going to dump it needs to dump so day tomorrow, the day after, when you know, when it's like two, three days left now. You have to be very careful; the indicator is really your best friend at that point because you know that's when they could, you know, when the especially when the fundings get red, they could start romping it up again but only to dump it much harder after. So that's about that's about that. So I'm not going to talk; let me just see the four hours and so we have 60 minutes and it looks like we're going to close below it but this also closed but then we got this pump this.

00:42:19
Was this was really a scary pump And this is when the indicator gets invalidated when too many really short signals going. But you know, for me, this thing, you know, this is for now, for now, this is the level to watch. This is the level to watch. If we're going to lose this one, we're going to lose this, you know, it's holding beautifully over here. So if we're going to lose the two eight, that's when the wheel. Boom. Something with my son. So if this thing will lose this box over here, that's when I think then. Then you can get to the two-two or two-three very fast whereas the daily indie is a two-three yes, so I think that it will happen very fast so if this thing gets if it's two-eight two-seven two-eight when they're gonna lose this support over here it could dump very fast to the two-two-two-three so that's another you know it could dump a very fast.

00:43:16
Another 15 what's going on are you doing something? No, the unlock is in five days. So it's in five days, yes. So if it's going to dump, it needs to dump today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow. That's how fast it should dump. If they're going to do it. But again, there's a reason why I'm not posting on Twitter about this. It's just purely because some serious people are hunting the retail fam. Not only the retail fam, they're hunting all the shorts on this thing. They're hunting this, you know; they're just keeping it up. Uh, to flush out the the shorts and then they're gonna for me, they cannot flush me out, so this is I even said it; this is my stablecoin, this is my stablecoin.

00:44:01
So you do whatever it is that you're gonna do, I'm gonna cash in very big, very, very big. So enough about that one, um what was I gonna talk about today? So I think we're gonna talk about some coins uh from the Koreans so XRP, someone asked me to do I want to do XRP, yeah you know I don't I don't show you guys because there are some high volume trades. I love XRP because I think that XRP XRP let me see XRP because when why is it oh now we show so uh XRP oh oh XRP what are you doing? So this, you know, who at this? So what is it? What is it? Who asked me about this? Where is it? Where is, where are you? Yes. So plain digital. First of all, I really never seen you before. I really have no clue who you are. So welcome to the live stream. So that's number one. Could you please show the indicator? Bro, just look at it. Is there anything more that I need to say? Look at this. Do you need more about this plain digital? Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. This is like, you know, this is like.

00:45:32
They're like, no, you got, you got, you got, you got in, I don't know, it might be in the sixties or seventies. You got this, this, this gun and you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, um, uh, I hate it when this is when my English gets a mess. You have to, it's like, turn it around. You hold it down and turn it like in circles. That's how I see it. This is it. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,

00:46:17
Oh, this is nasty. Why is it dumping so? Why is this thing dumping like this? Why? Wait a minute. Why is everything dumping? What's going on? Let me see. Ah! What? It's retracing. So how is Dexy? I'm retracing. This is not retracing. This is nothing. How is Dexy doing? Where is Dexy? I'm interested. Oh, Dexy's pumping even more. Oh, good. Good for you, Dexy. Just keep going. That nobody can stop this monster. You know, there's zero signs that they can stop that mineshaft. That mineshaft. So let me go back. Let me go back. Where was I? XRP. So XRP, let me zoom out. Let me zoom out. Let me zoom out. So on the daily, it's really a mess. Over here, we got on the weekly, we held this very beautifully.

00:47:05
Then we got to retest exactly on the top. And now it's going back again. So yes, 192 is the level to watch. Then we got a dump, so it's 160. But to be honest, I'm going to be super, super honest with you. XRP, I'm not interested in buying. If you wanted to buy XRP, you had like, do you know how long? You have to see it like this, guys. So this was basically where you could have bought XRP. You had like two years or three years to buy XRP. You didn't. Why? Because you're listening to all the influencers in the world that XRP was dead and the technology is zero and XRP is whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. All those stories, you all heard them.

00:47:51
So if you would believe all those famous influencers, you should never have any. So, well, after they finished their job and they did what they did, this thing made a 6X. Okay. So I'm not going to buy XRP over here and I'm definitely not going to buy it over here. So if I would be interested in XRP, it really needs to come back to at least one buck. But, you know, I don't like to buy XRP because XRP is for me just like Bitcoin. You have to understand my style of trading and investing. I don't invest in something that maybe if I'm super lucky will double or triple my money. I'm not interested. If I'm going to invest my money in something, there needs to be a possibility that will make me a 5 to a 10x in a week.

00:48:44
That's my style. So that said, that's investing-wise. But if we're going to talk about trading-wise, oh, XRP is a monster. I love it. XRP is actually in my top three altcoins to trade on high volume. So you got, first of all, you got ETH. After ETH, you got Solana. And after Solana, you got XRP. So these are the three altcoins that I like to trade at volume. So altcoins. And then Bitcoin for sure, number one. So XRP is, yeah, so for now, it's looking super bearish, bro. So look at this. So at some point, I think we're going to retrace a rebound over here. But look at this. This is the indicator. You have to see it like this.

00:49:31
So, forget about this look at this one, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, and then boom up so over here, this was a little bit tricky but you see this over here, retrace, retrace, retrace, and then over up it and then retest over here and as he goes and it's the same story so if you're in a weekend uh you know you're just in a weekend sitting at home okay I have nothing to do let me go try to make some money this is how you make money Put the indicator on, put the money in, and let's go. Let's go. Just let's go. And I know that it's very hard to trade this on a full hour but you can even put it on a one hour.

00:50:10
What are you going to see on a one hour? So this is a mess. So this is, you got to make money but you also got to, you know, this is a mess. This is really a mess. So basically here, you would have made some nice money, but this is really a mess. So on the one hour, you would have, you know, this is a torture. under 50 minutes for example this is also a torture so this is basically on four hour only the valid ones otherwise i wouldn't be interested in this one so um that's about that one let me let me let me go you know i need to go to the guys i need to go to my friends i need to go to the to the koreans so basically just for uh for you to know mr plane the koreans their number one high volume coin is xrp So they're buying XRP like crazy.

00:50:59
Well, XRP is dumping. So just for your information. So the Koreans are buying or selling. They could also be selling it. I think they're selling it now, by the way. But, you know, on leverage, there's a lot of power. So even if they're buying it, it will have no impact. But it's their number one volume coin. So even higher than Bitcoin. Yeah, believe it or not. So the next one is SDPT. So I want to see this SDPT. What's going on with SDPT? Why are they? Ah, okay. So there you go. Look at this. Koreans. I love Koreans. This is why I love Koreans. You know, this is how you make money. This is why you need to watch GTC Insider. Because I know for sure that GTC Insider showed this coin as a high volume coin.

00:51:40
Did you? Did it? It should be. I think if you would go into the weekend and check, GTC Insider, STPT should be there. Or at least yesterday. I'm going to check myself. Let me check. Let me check. Let me check. Where's the high volume points? STPT, here it is. This is eight hours ago. And over here, let me see. Was it over here? No, it wasn't here over yesterday. Where is it? Where is it? So eight hours ago. One, two, three, four, five, six. No, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. So over here it was shared. It's a bit late. It's a bit late. You're on the four-hour chart, so it was two candles ago. Oh, it was two candles ago. Yeah, now it's eight. Now you can count to eight.

00:52:30
Yeah, now it makes sense. It was shared over here. It shouldn't be shared over here. It should be shared over here. It should be shared over here. Because this would, you know. I think that GTC Insider should also, not only, I think that there should be a new one, the high volume coins, but also the high Korean volume coins. Because if you would also share the Korean coins, I think that SDPT should be started over here. And this is basically what you're seeing over here. Look at this. Look at this. These are, by the way, Koreans, guys. Up, up, up, up, up, up. Just shake out there, you go again, out shake out there, you go again, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then this is where you catch it, this is where you catch it.

00:53:19
Oh, we are out okay up again, retest button and look at this candle now it's coming back, it's this thing, so it could make another another one pop, so there was another coin, there was another coin also that I wanted to talk about, ah, virtual still in the top 10 layers by the way, also still in the top 10. Yeah, where was that B/B/B swap? I want to talk about this B swap because uh, my team made a lot of money on this one. By the way, in the weekend, let's pump up it; dumps here it is; it dumps just as fast. Look at this! Look at this! You remember this guy? Do you remember this? Look at this look; look remember over here when was it?

00:54:08
Was it over here when I talked about it on Friday? I talked about it was Monday; it's Friday here. Yeah, there's cooking here on the indicator. They told me, listen: was it on Sunday? No, it wasn't on Sunday! This pub when did when did this pump happen? When did it happen? Wednesday? No, not Wednesday! This Saturday? What was this one? I think yes, this was it. This was it; This was it. This was the pump. So let me just take a wide moment, and then This was the pump I knew that the team made a lot of money on this one. Yeah, over here so it was holding holding holding the line. We had this retrace, holding holding them, boom! And this over here. They got just like a shed by the way, guys.

00:55:03
I shared you know, there was one guy, he told me, listen, MW, B-Swap dumped very hard. I told him, yes, do you read my posts on Twitter? Yes, I do. Are you educated by me? Yes, I do. Yes, I am. So if you caught this pump while I prepared you for it, did you take profits over here? Did you hike up your stop-loss and profit? Yes. No, I did not. So you're reading my posts, so you go, but when I tell you to secure profits, you don't do it. You don't know because it goes to the moon. Okay, well. Congrats with your moon, here's your moon, this is your moon, here is the moon, coming this is the big moon that you're waiting for, listen bro, you have to guys, you have to, all just understand that, you know crypto is just what I'm going to trade

00:55:54
a big group, you know manipulators, scammers, whatever it is, that's what I'm gonna do, so when you know, you go in, you pump with them, you secure, when you make a pump like this, suppose you made it, catch the pump like this, what you do is this, this is what you do, so this was the first pump, stop loss here, it goes up more high, up stop loss here, it goes up more higher up, stop loss here, it goes up more higher up, let it run just. Let it go, stop loss here, stop loss here. So even if you're here in much more games so this spike up by the way, you should have also stop loss here and then when it goes down, then you get hit, and then that's it, that's it.

00:56:40
Don't don't be greedy, don't make these moves or just these moves or these moves. I don't care even this move and then they get wrecked later now because the first rule of leverage trading is green never turns into red. So let me go to Fartcomb. By the way, I killed Fartcomb. Are you seeing this? Look at this, guys? You know, I think that jealous asked me about this. Or I don't know. Maybe it's jealous. Maybe it's someone else. Told me MW Fartcomb. I told him 1. 30, bro. Maybe I even said this on the live stream. Did I say this on the live stream, guys? I think I said it on the live stream. I think I did. Yes. I did say it. Yes? Yes. Yes!

00:57:22
Told you guys if you want the number it's 130. look at this! I even made the lines for you guys over here so you guys asked me about Fartcoin and the father made really a big, big, big bump up, so Father was one of the best performing altcoins uh from the MW long ETF because this thing made a six, almost a 7x. They asked me, 'What do you think? 130, 130 130 is the number.' Look at this, we hit 128, almost 129, and boom, we're coming down. How much is this? This is almost an 18% up. So a Fartcoin is going into the Indies. So keep an eye on Fartcoin guys because a little bit of you know bullish. The Fartcoin is Fartcoin. So that's about Fartcoin. It was another altcoin that I wanted to talk about. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?

00:58:21
Oh, yeah, this one! What is this, guys? Can you guys help me with this coin and I'm gonna show you a coin, guys? You know me what is this, guys? Just tell me what is this, okay? My internet's gone oh, this is the Trading View, okay, okay. Whatever it has two Pi, I think. I don't know, it's my internet. Let me see. Let me see, You see it's not loading, It's not loading. Let me try another one, let me try it out here. No, we try it on here. Where was it? What was it? What was it with HBO? You see here it's working, It's trading Hippo Hippocrates, they believe this. So, first of all, what is Hippocrates? I'm seeing this guy Hippocrates, okay. So this thing already went from from this or something.

00:59:38
It's so bad. It's a bad. It's a better but this one uh where is my uh let's see i love this hypocrite by the way, I love it only by the name. So there are so many hypocrites in crypto they're right okay. This is 53 million. So this is just a meme coin, I think. This is just a meme coin. And let me tell you, the Koreans are on it. And you know what I love more? It's not listed on big exchanges. It's not listed on. So the Koreans are on. You know, most of the times when Koreans are on a coin, you know you're feeling me when Koreans are on a coin, a

01:00:46
lot of times you know the big exchanges will list them only bluffing, only bluffing could, could list it and you know it could explode, I'm just saying so you have to really, really keep an eye on this one, this is this is uh is hypocrite, you know don't go all in on it or whatever but just just just keep now use the indie and just keep an eye on it. That's all I have to say. So look at this. This is a 53 million. So keep in mind, I'm saying it's, it's like dead now. What is it? It's going like, look at this. This is so strange. You know, you see this, you see this, this is all, this is the most important. This is so dangerous.

01:01:29
This, you know, this, what you see when it goes like this, then you see it's up. It's like, I don't just, let's just blow off and have this. Yes, yes, yes. The chart looks a bit different on Loafin, actually. Okay, let me see. Oh, they have it. HBO. HBO 10, EU, whatever. Oh, you know. why not why not i'm gonna ask a team to just put some play money on this one why not with a tight stop loss you know why not why not why not you're too bad you're too bad just a tight stop loss you know you never know i'm gonna ask them just a tight stop loss and you know no i i hate the fact that they don't own uh they don't have uh

01:02:32
they don't have they don't have uh the funding rates are in the green that's i wish that they were in the in the red that would be even better but you know let's see let's see let's see this thing because it already pumped uh a lot but let me let me use another child what is this this is freaking koreans by the way guys this is a shit coin so it's just uh if you're doing or trading it whatever just do it really really really with you know what is it so it's only Oh, only I've got only victory over here, why do you see the bluffing chart, I cannot see it over here, it's uh it's a different ticker, you have to look for the hip, this is something else, so I need this, no the price is the same, it's HPO S10 that's done And then.

01:03:33
Oh, wait a minute. But I got Kraken, It's on Kraken also, Yes, I think this is Kraken, Kraken has got it, Bluffing has got it, It's all the same, So this is, So this is how, Oh, we're below the Indian, Oh, this is another chart, This is crazy, This is a whole other chart, The price is the same, That's why I checked, It's the same price, but it looks different, Yes, yes. So it's testing the daily over here. Here it's testing the daily. Here it's testing the daily, losing the daily. So this is like it wants to lose the daily. So this is HIPPO, whatever. But I think the most accurate one is this one. This one you have to check. If you want to trade this, check this one.

01:04:32
Because this is our friends. Oh, this is looking bad. Oh, this is looking bad. Oh, this is looking bad. This is looking so bad. So forget about it. This is looking so bad. You know, this is looking so bad. No, this is looking bad. No, no, no. Don't. Stay away from this. Stay away from this. Stay away. I'm going to. Okay. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone so uh, let me get back to my list, let me get back to this list, so uh what do I got more, what are they more doing more? Let's see what are doing. We need to find ourselves something, it's so bad that is something I need, something give me something I need some some something give me a trade bro, where is the money flowing?

01:05:22
What are you guys doing? Yeah, I think that Pandy, it's time for Pandy, you know, to keep an eye on Pandy for sure. I think that Pandy is pundable. I think that Pandy is outpunded. I think that Pandy had its best. Oh, this is beautiful, by the way. It's a beauty, it's a beauty, it's a beauty. But it's already dropped. It sucks. Oh, I didn't see this one. You know, if we did a live yesterday, I could have seen this one. This was a beautiful source. I think, yes. This was a beautiful source. I think that Bundy needs to cool down a little bit. It has been doing okay. It has been doing great. So, where do we go? What is this Strax doing? I need to see this Strax.

01:06:21
What is Strax doing? Strax, Strax, Strax. Come on. I need a trade. I need to find a trade. At least I need a safe trade. So what is Strax doing? I need Strax. Aha. So Strax. Strax. Okay, Strax. So Strax. Boom boom boom Lucy strikes, need to find I need to find I need to find I need to fight. Is the deck still pumping? Yeah, I think I think it is. Thanks, the deck should be going bananas. Is it or is it not this thing is No strikes, how's the decks doing guys need to see the decks. I need a Duck's. What is the Duck's? Oh Duck's II. Oh, Dexy. Oh, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy. That mine shaft. Look at this, guys. You see this? What did I tell you?

01:07:25
I told you it's just a matter of minutes. Look at this. You see this? I told you it's just a matter of minutes and you'll see this thing heading into this. Look at this. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Are you seeing this? This is under five freaking minutes. Look at this. Bang, bang, bang. Pang pang pang pang pang pang, it's like ping pong table, see, this is the ping pong table, you're seeing this, this is the ping pong table. This is the ball. If you would just, if you would just, since I started this stream, if you just open up a PrimeX TV account and you just started using it, you know, just use the indicator, you just and although this thing is super, super, super, it's just one big bubble, look at this.

01:08:25
You just bang, bang, bang, bang. This is incredible, this is mind-blowing, this is FOMO, this FOMO when FOMO hits in the indicator, it's at its best, look at this. There is just no space for retrace, this thing just keeps pop and I think that we're not done yet, I think it's you know, look at this. It keeps you know, it keeps you know it keeps just doing whatever this is doing, it's it's mind-blowing in my opinion, it's really mind-blowing in my opinion. I think this thing is the biggest, biggest, biggest, biggest, Germans. I told you again and again, you guys are degents and really, I love you guys, um, you know, it's just thank you for for giving me this price action, you know. It's just I just love it.

01:09:18
I just love this. I just you know, I just love this. I think that this is, I think this is for me as a trader. This is about the most exciting thing that I see, I know a lot of you people will probably get you know excited about some alpha. This is what makes me excited, So this is this is my thing. So let's see, How is well, this is also just going So just like I said, and is Bitcoin finally giving it a little bit of traction? Is Bitcoin a little bit waking up? Yeah, Bitcoin is also waking up a little bit. So Bitcoin is finally, finally trying to do something. It needs to break this indicator. Just go up over here, Bitcoin. Stop. Stop doing as if you're just going at least the indicator again. You're acting like a little child. come on, come on, come on, come on! What is this short okay? Sorry, yes you could pick NKN, it's from the high volume list, yes it's also on the high volume list and on the one hour it looks interesting but I haven't looked at it, yeah it's going to be also the last one because I have to close it up. Ah, let's see, Anki coin, Anki ad. Anki ad.

01:10:52
Yeah, so basically it's just tested it in again on the daily and it tries to go again. I think you can do it. It goes Anki ad, Anki ad. How they doing, how they doing, how they doing.

01:11:10
Oh, now remember NKM. Oh, this thing. If this thing finds some traction, this thing could. I really love this. I really love the market cap of this thing. This thing, guys, could go. If the Koreans are really on it, they could really pump this thing. But the Koreans aren't on it. Why? The Koreans aren’t on this coin. Why?

01:11:45
Why are they not on it? Oh, yeah. What is this? Number four. Frank, number four. But the Koreans aren’t on it. So I think, in my opinion, I think that most of the time it’s only the Koreans that can pump this thing up. But, you know, it’s, you know, you have to see it like this. This is something that, you know, very, I want, you know. So you're going to get a little bit of that education if you if you if you see that a coin gets so many times rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, daily then we break about this should flip strong support it should and then ramp up from there. So this is very important for you to know because that the power that the indicator had on the way down most of the times will also show power on the way up.

01:12:34
So if this thing comes back And by the way, Anken is also outperforming the markets. Anken is showing two green candles while the markets are going red. So basically this is, although the Koreans are not on it, and this is something. It's only listed against BTC on Upbit. It's not listed against any fiat or any. That makes me even more bullish. So it isn't listed on KW. Oh, it's only on BTC. It's only the BTC pair is listed on Upbit. Ooh. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Let me see. Okay, maybe we're on to something. Maybe you're right. Maybe we're on to something. Just check. I just used the API to pull the data. One moment, one moment, one moment. One minute, one minute, let me see something. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

01:13:51
What is this going, by the way? Are we on to something here? NKN, new kind of network, is another focus on creating decentralized and open source network protocols for public blockchain-based peer-to-peer. Oh, that's nice. To share network broadband internet connectivity. Its main objective is to address the challenge faced by today's internet. Oh, okay.

01:14:22
Oh, well, here it comes. NKN was founded by Yambo Lee. Now it comes. And Bruce Lee.

01:14:36
Oh. Well, Bruce Lee with L-I, not L-E-E, but L-I. So we got Bruce Lee in the house, guys. So Bruce Lee is behind this project. And, you know, when Bruce Lee gets angry, then you'll see. So. Bruce Lee is no guy, really seriously. So let me, let me be super honest with you, guys. So I, you know. So, this is great! It's number one. This is really super great. So, I love this, that's this is number one; I love the I love you know, I really love the market cap. Super bullish on the market cap. The only thing that's not coming together here is that it's already an old dock. It's already an old exchange available. So, that's, you know, you're not going to get that listing pop. It's not going to happen. But let me tell you this. If, not if, I think that it's a question of when. When the KRW pair gets listed, I think this thing will go bananas.

01:15:58
I truly think that this thing will go bananas because let me check, let me check one moment because this is something I want to teach you guys because you guys have no clue-you have to see it like this, guys. Um, Upbeat is listing these coins but they, you know, like you know, like now this uh, but but, Like now, it's only on BTC. But then out of the sudden, they did it, by the way, very good, good, good, good. Let me give you guys a good explanation. Let me give you guys an example. This is an example. Oh, nice short, by the way. Remember how deep, Mr. Deep, how deep, deep could go? Well, Deep went very deep. No, guys, listen. Look at this. Let me move all of this.

01:16:55
So, 22 April. Oh, yes. And this was a surprise. This was when the KRW was listed. So, the Koreans could buy this deep with their currency. and the pump was so hard they didn't even retrace it look pump pump pump pump pump boom pump pump and then here and they're still holding it it didn't even come back so why am i saying this why am i saying this so if this mkn if this coin you know you know you know so Was it the 20th that they did the NKN? Let me see. Let me check. 16th of April. No, 16th of April. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know when they listed this BTC pair, but listen guys, if, if, because basically this coin has got a lot of, this coin is, you know, based on what I'm reading, there could be some nice fundamentals there.

01:18:18
But even more, this was a nice buying, 33 cents, by the way. So this thing already did like, how is the volume? What is this? This thing already done like 30%. But, you know, if this thing, and I think, you know, this is what I think. This is what I think. You see these people? You see these people that are romping this up? Holding the price, I think these people are preparing themselves for the KRW listing, that's what I think uh uh. Can you ask uh the decks to stop pumping please? I don't think I have that kind of power; you are you, I think you are German, no uh, you're just so, just talk to the damn thing. Tell her to stop it! I live in Switzerland, so it's quite far.

01:19:14
I can't scream over there. Someone from the chat from Germany, can you please ask them to stop pumping? Dennis, that's your job. No, no, I cannot. At some point, I just can't. I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. At some point, it's just too much for me. Let me see. Look at this, guys. Are you seeing this? When did we start the stream? Over here, I think over here. Here look at this, look look look! I see this; these guys are just freaking look at this-these guys are just freaking monsters, you know. Here's Powell, that's just what they do; they can't help themselves, even if they want to dump it down; they just can't. It's just like a magnet, so over there. This is Mr.

01:20:15
Powell, over here, you know, sitting doing whatever this is doing and this is was it-it's just like you know he's sitting over here come, come to Papa, come to Papa! They keep bumping it up, so the Dexy what is taxi doing? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Look look at Dexy; look look taxi, taxi go baby go baby go baby! Oh, baby, it's Jesse Knights. Look at the five minutes-this is just a five-minute guy. I think it's also when we were talking about it was I think over here somewhere indicator, let's just go, let's just go! So, um, if you're making a lot of money over here, just you know loop; ring what's with looping? No, it's not 600 volume today, but no, it's up 600%. Ah, it's up 600%. Yeah. Ah, okay. No, volume up 600%. Oh, I see. What is it looping? Looping, looping, looping, looping, looping, looping. Looping is on my long ETF, by the way. Yes. So why is it pumping if it's on my long ETF? Is it making?

01:21:44
So looping is basically doing what it's always doing when it pumps, it pumps very hard. It's that simple, but is there any reason for this pump? Let me see if there is any update from the Koreans, no it's not the Koreans doing this, no, no, no, I don't know, I don't know why looping is doing this, but looping guys keep an eye on looping, don't, don't short looping, looping is explosive, uh, just stay away and loop ring is at the bottom, so we never short bottoms. Look at this, look at this, so loop ring is very explosive, guys, but loop ring is also a coin that you can trade on the indie on, you put it on five minutes, just like Dex, you know, but this is no even on the five minute, look how it's looking.

01:22:31
So we have to go to the one minute now, yeah, there you go, you see this, look at this, guys, this is the indicator at its best, even on the one freaking minute, look at this. This is under one minute, this is FOMO, guys, this is FOMO, so yeah, this is just under one minute, just ride the thing out and I think that loop ring you have to eye the five minute, this thing by. Like maybe 30 minutes when it's cooled down, it'll hit the five minutes, and then where you can trade it, so I would. If you're gonna trade loop ring, don't look for shorts, don't just, don't just look for long. Long loop ring is a dead project; it only wants to you know it has got like momentum for like you know two days, three days, maybe seven days, and then you know, and it dumps down. Unfortunately, but I love Loop Ring. But look at this on the one-minute mark, okay guys. I really have to close it up, so keep an eye on MKN; keep an eye on Looper Ring. And, well, I love you all. Until the next live, and, yeah, let's wait what's coming up on GTC Insider. I'm very curious, just like you guys. Have a nice one. Thanks for watching, and bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 05-07-2025 Layer finally gave up !! *** 

00:03:26
Yes, I'm going to cry a lot of rivers. Yes, yes, yes. I'm going to cry so many rivers. Okay, welcome, welcome. Welcome, MWM. We're going to get to it in Crypto. welcome back! So, I'm gonna do a live today, why because there is a big possibility that I'm not able to do a live tomorrow and also tomorrow with Powell coming up, so it is what it is. So we're gonna talk about it, we're going to prepare for it, do some analyses, talk a little bit about crypto, but some altcoins and yeah, also about talking about the taxi their mineshaft. So, we're going to talk about a lot of stuff. So, bad sound. Do you have bad sound? Okay, confirmation, everyone. Can you hear me good? Confirmation, confirmation. I can hear you, Salsara.

00:04:29
Welcome, Salsara. Can everyone else hear me also? Well, I can hear you, but your mic was a bit, in the beginning, the sound was bad. I think now it's good. You were not hearing those music running I don't know I don't know I know now it's okay now it's okay now it's a sound is good okay so welcome welcome welcome welcome anyone yes we can hear okay so let me see let me see what do I got over here what do I got over here we got escaping still Leon that Pedro got mark Arik, we got Delvish and Zeg, Danu, we got Helena, we got Matija, we got, what is this? Oh, this is a new one. Yiti Sun. Welcome, Yiti Sun. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Walid, we got Karima Ziz, we got Al Pink.

00:05:28
Al Pink, Al Pink, Karima Ziz, we got, what is this? Xoxo, Xoxo June. Okay. It's XOXOU. It's XOXOU. You know, I was a little bit with this, you know, I was a little bit with TC Sun and then XOXOU. You know, I love these names. Beautiful names, by the way. So we got Ellen, we got Maddox, we got Aqib Walid, Mark. We got Rob McCord. We got Capians. We got Elena. We got Stacey. We got Jerry. We got EFR. Turtle. Let me tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet very fast that we're live for the ones that are still. in whatever we are live let me tweet it the ones that are still shocked why knows there was one guy he it was one guy he dm me he told me listen mw i have no time for your life why what's going on i'm running to cash out the money i made on what yes i need to cash it out okay I told them, okay, well, I forgive you.

00:07:02
I forgive you. Go, go, go, go. These Russians are crazy, by the way. Russian guys, crazy. I'm W, I'm W. Listen, brother, if you come to Russia, you will be king. We will make you king of Russia. I love Russia, by the way. So, just, I love Russia. But he told me, we will make you king here. Just come to Russia. You will be king of Russia. Okay, so he's, I don't know, he's going to some office where he can cash out his USDT into cash or whatever. So he told me, I made a lot of money today. I told him, I know that you made a lot of money. I know. So I need to cash out. I need to get it in cash. Okay, okay, okay. You go, you go.

00:07:55
So crazy stuff. Really some crazy. Crazy stuff going on in the world, you know. Really some some some crazy stuff going on in the world. People are crazy, people are crazy. But who is this? Oh later still dumping. Oh wait a minute, do I got my two thousand percent? I need 30. It's $1,960. Oh, crappy, crappy, crappy. They don't want to give me it. They don't want to give it to me. What do we got? Who is this? Artful Dojo. Artful Dojo. Bro, I'm speechless. Thank you for being such an outstanding teacher. No. Actually, it's not that I'm. It's not just teachers, you know. Someone can be a teacher. Anyone can be a teacher. Anyone can be a teacher. It's not about being a teacher.

00:08:59
What I'm trying to teach you, you need to believe. You know, I understand for some people, if you're not educated by me how to leverage trades, that's a problem. That's just one big problem. So you'll probably get stopped on that. You'll get liquidated. I cannot help you because when the market makers go, you know, go hunting retailers, I can't help you because you're not trading the NW style. I cannot help you. It's that simple. But if you are educated by me, and you did watch the Trading Course Vids, and how can we get the exit? Yes. Listen, guys. Trading Course Vids, you cannot donate any money. You cannot pay money for them. Nothing. The only way to get into the Trading Course Vids is if you're trading on B2NX, Blowfin, or Prime, the new partnership.

00:09:53
So either on Prime, Bloven, so for Prime is basically for the, you know, more the stock traders, the industry traders, the, you know, Forex, et cetera. But then, you know, really the shit coins, altcoins, Bitcoin, Ethereum, etcetera, Binance and Bitfinex, it's the only way to get into there. So, so basically, I just, you know. It was just yesterday I did this vid about, I talked about Leia. You know, I wasn't going to talk about Leia, but, you know, so I talked about Leia yesterday. I was expecting Helena to make a vid about it or someone else from the Rita film to make a vid about it. Or maybe even Salsa might make a vid about it. Just a short vid. But nobody did. Okay, well, no problem. No problem. No problem. No problem. Maybe I'll make it myself.

00:10:55
When you trade the MWA and you believe, when you believe, when you believe, I know that the funding rates were getting crazy because that's normal. And I don't know if I can say this, but the team, the GTC team, they opened up fire to the market makers organized together with some underground traders. So there was a big, big fight going on in the morning. And, you know, I was just holding my popcorn and enjoying it. So I was really looking. And I think that a lot of you guys don't understand this, but this was really market makers versus professional traders. That's what happened. So it is. one of the most beautiful things i can

00:11:51
see you know i was seeing it really live what they were doing how they were doing it and you know that was really you know at some point that you know you know that what they did was they were waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting and when when when when the market makers started getting exhausted and and they started getting weak uh that's when they they were waiting for it and then they It was striking. They strike very hard, by the way. They strike really, really, really, really hard. At some point, I was talking to Salsara in the morning about it, and I told her, listen, the market makers cannot bounce it up now. They cannot. Because when we had this drop, let me put it on the one hour.

00:12:35
So when we had this drop, I knew that there was no bounce coming. I knew it over here. When did we talk about a thing in the morning over here? And I knew there is no bounce coming. You know why because this goes very deep in trading but what happens just explain you guys in normal language what happens is you know team and some underground traders they opened up fire very hard and what they did is at the same time they, you know, they're not stupid so what they did was, you know, when they, when they, when they attacked. When the price comes down, what they do is they secure this profit. Nobody can take it away from them. So these market makers, they know this. They see this. So market makers cannot do something like this. Because why? If they would do something like this, this bubble over here will get filled over here. And they cannot allow that. Because then they have to pay them twice.

00:13:46
You know, but listen guys, this is next level uh trading and you know it's it goes deep, it goes deep, it goes very deep. You know that's also why, you know my last tweet, uh tweeted, you know I was scrolling through my feed and you know I'm seeing all these wannabe wannabe Einsteins in trading, analyzing, investing, crypto. All those stories about, you know, look how successful I've been. I've seen them on the crypto event. Look how successful we are. Look how this we are. Guys, you know, you don't have to believe me. You just don't believe me. But if you want to believe me, it's 99. 99% lies. It's lies. It's really lies, that's all it is, guys. It's pure lies.

00:14:43
Listen, guys, I've been at the crypto event at the crypto event this year, and there were no projects out there, none, yeah, maybe there were, maybe let's just say like this, there were maybe like Max 5% of the crypto event was some projects, whoever, whatever. But nobody was there. Nothing was there. You know what was out there? There was only people telling you the success stories, bullshit stories on Excel or YouTube. Look how great I am. That's what it's all about. I received a DM from one of the RetoFair members. He told me today, listen, MW, there is one guy and he's using your indicator. He isn't even mentioning you. You have to see it like this because this is a very, very, very good example of what I'm trying to explain.

00:15:55
These guys, they don't know how to trade. These guys are not successful in trading. These guys are not successful in investing because these are just facts. I cannot get into details. These guys try, and some do it very good, and some don't. These guys are all into marketing. You've got these dropshipping people. You've got these marketing people. You've got these NFT communities. You've got these shilling communities, et cetera. This is what you've got in crypto. And what they do is everyone can. Every one of you guys in this chat, you can make a nice story about yourself and use the Indie and make something about, yeah, well, you know, I'm the great trader. I'm this and I'm that. It's all about the marketing, guys. It's all about the marketing.

00:16:44
That's how they make money. These guys are marketing experts. But what is the big proof of this? If we would just look at the biggest accounts in crypto, who are they? You've got Banter. You've got this Altcoin Dalio. You got this Alex Becker. You got Coin Bureau. You got whatever. So these are just some of the biggest accounts in crypto. If you would just analyze every single one of them, these guys are professional marketeers. That's it. These guys are professional marketeers. That's also the reason why they are the biggest, because they nail the marketing part. And the big problem is, the big problem is this, is that people in crypto, they follow the masses of the biggest accounts, that's what they follow. So these big accounts, they make most money, they make it from these people that follow them.

00:17:56
But the people that follow these big accounts, they want to make money. They want to get financially dependent. They want, you know, whatever. But the reality is those guys themselves don't know how to make money trading or investing because that's not what they're good at. So the real traders, the real traders, they get attacked. They get ghosted. They get blocked. They get hacked. That's what they do with these people because it's one network. It's one circle. Unfortunately, most of them, they live here, where I live. But it's just one big network. And what happened is these people, so the real good traders, it's very hard for you guys to find them. And even if you would find them, you'll just scroll through them. Because why?

00:18:47
Because you are just humans, just like I'm a human, everyone is human. You follow the herd, you follow, you know, okay? Well, this guy, let me see, this guy, how much, yeah, he got like 3k followers or he got like, you know, uh, 2k, uh, YouTube subscribers maybe. Let's check him out, let's just, you know, spend like 30 minutes, let's see what this guy has to say. You just have to watch it with a good glasses and most of the time these are the people that can help you become financially dependent because there's one thing for sure: the big accounts will not... The big accounts don't matter-bitcoin at a million he'll tell you to buy it still early, or bitcoin at five bucks he'll tell you just buy.

00:19:34
And even worse, when markets dump, they tell you to get out of the market. It's like they basically tell you the opposite of what you should do and you know, you have no clue what you're following, you have no clue what you're doing because these guys-they change from narrative in 24 hours or maybe sometimes even faster. Today, there are bullies, then berries, then bullies, berries. We're breaking out, we're breaking in, we're going up, we're going down. We have some new news, we have this, we have that, da-da-da, da-da-da, da-da-da. It's always they send you to any direction. You really have no clue what you're doing. And the thing that surprises me even more is the fact that they offer these training courses. They offer these trading courses in collaborations with other people.

00:20:19
And to be honest, I've checked some of them. And I'm going to be super honest with you guys. It's a lot of crap. It's just a lot of crap. You know, mom's trading, uncle's trading, grandpa's trading. You know, children of five years old are trading. Everyone is trading. Everyone that knows how to put a stochastic RSI, a Fib, on a chart, a trend line. He's a traitor if it would be that easy if it would be that easy do you really if it would be that easy that you know everyone in the world should be rich but it's not. You know, I was talking to a friend of mine lately, and he was talking about these technical analysts.

00:21:09
You know, you know the guys with the heat maps and, you know, the volume bars and, you know, with all the lines and everything and money flowers or whatever, you know, all the lines on this chart. Phil, why do you think that you always, when you see me, when you see me, my charts, this is what you see. You can see lines just for levels. This was, you know. I only put this line over here so you guys know that this was the highest level. But this is what you see. You see nothing. Even the best indicator, in my opinion, I don't even put it on. I just remove it. This is my chart. You know, the most funny part is, when was it? I had a one-on-one.

00:21:52
I had a one-on-one with someone. And the first thing, it was a woman. At first, I saw those volume sticks here. You remember those volume sticks here, green and red? I thought, what the freak is that? Why? Okay, tell me. Okay, explain to me. How are those volume sticks going to help you trading or investing? Just answer me. You got some volume sticks over here? Okay, you guys all know them. The volume sticks you know, you see all the green red green red green all those volume sticks over here, okay fine, you've got them over there, okay fine. How are those volume sticks gonna help you trading or investing? What are those volume sticks gonna tell you, because what you need to know to make money you need to know what's gonna happen next.

00:22:51
And that was already happened. You need to know what's going to happen next. You can calculate the moves based on history. That's another story. But you have to calculate what's going to happen next. So when you're going to try to calculate that, how are those volume sticks going to help you? I'm not, you know, I can put them on my chart, but, you know, they hurt my eyes when I put them on. So I'm not even going to put them on. You know, but so my cool my first question so the first lesson was remove it don't put anything on that chart that should that is not gonna help you to make money remove it let's remove it.

00:23:47
You know, I spent some time. I spent some time. This is about, I think, 20, 30 years ago. I spent a lot of time in educating myself into technical analysis, et cetera, et cetera. So, you know, I did. I know them all. I've used them all. Everything. But after my education, the first thing, my first lesson was remove them all. so i don't want to waste your time don't waste your time just you know just just just just just just just i'm gonna save you all the time just remove them you know you have to see it like this you guys are with me a lot of times so you know exactly what i say what i do what i do and how i do it so you keep seeing me nailing all those everything do you guys have you guys ever seen me use one of those fibonaccis and you know you've got also this jewels you've got this you know jewels market ciphers uh green dots blue dots uh sell buy whatever did you guys ever see me use one of those never never ever why why would the best trader on the webs don't use all that crap

00:25:18
Guys, this is very important. Oh, great. Oh, that's great. Guys, I know it might sound a little bit crazy what I'm saying now. It's super important what I'm saying. It's the start for you. It's how you will change everything that you're thinking of. You know, I got a DM from another retail firm member. He has been with us for a very long time. He told me today, he told me after our one-on-one, he told me it feels like I'm a professional trader. I just can't lose.

00:26:07
You know, I told him, it's not that. It's not that, bro. The thing is, you are listening. If you don't, oh! Salsa, can we have some celebration music or something? Sure, we can. Okay, you put on the song. Just put on the song on YouTube, whatever. Celebration. This is also a very good, this is also a good one. This is also a good one. So here we go. Check Twitter.

00:26:48
Jack Twitter! Jack Twitter!

00:27:32
There you go. Tweet it out. I think you're going to hit 3,000. I'm not sure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 2,000% is there.

00:28:02
Thank you for the music. Thank you for the music. Okay, someone is not stopping the music. Someone, please stop the music! Okay, I'm going to stop it myself. Okay, and then I'm going to stop the music. I think Salsara was so shocked by the Oh, there she is. Oh, I was asking like five times, please stop the music. Oh, let's see. Okay, there it is. So, okay, guys, okay, guys, okay. Hey, what's going on? What's going on? Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I think my internet broke. I'm literally screaming from the car on my mobile. What is this? MB, could you show briefly on a clean chart of you in the identifying levels? That's something for the trading course, bro. That's something for the trading course.

00:29:16
It's not something for today. So basically, let me, let me, let me. Okay, guys, we're going to run into the charts, guys. So this thing is just dumping down, you know. I can keep saying just like on Anna, just like on all those other coins that I did and promised. Oh, look how great I am. I'm W. Listen, I'm the best trader on the web. I'm the best. Look how great I am. At the end, who gives a F? Who gives a F? Because over here, they're all very interested. MW, MW, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong. And then boom, and then 2,000%. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. Okay, you hit it. Okay, it dumped. Oh, yeah, whatever.

00:29:54
you know so people they remember when i'm tracing and chase trading it that's when they that's all they want to talk about but when it dumps down then yeah well whatever whatever so i'm also going to do the whatever so uh forget about this i think this thing will dump down to the 120 so uh you might get maybe a little bit of a bounce but you know 120 120 125 is the next level so let's go to the germania look at germania look at germania where is germania so let me put on the indicator it's very important as you guys can see over here so germania we had this dump this was a pretty big dump uh this was uh so it was you know just like shared yesterday so it pumped up to uh autumn high this was autumn high so over here we got a low low and then

00:30:47
now there was also uh something going on in germany with um you know some votes whatever and well basically he didn't get the votes it was a big shock and so this they're saying they are saying that that was the reason why this thing dumped in my opinion that's just a lot of crap because um this is either way this was either way was this uh dump in my opinion needed to happen and you know We're now getting this dead cat bounce, but that really has got also something to do. By the way, because also the US 500 reacted to this because when the S&P is closed, I already explained to you guys this, when the S&P is closed, it reacts to Germany. So you have to keep this in mind.

00:31:37
So that's what you're seeing over there. But, you know, what more can I say? This, you know. They're bouncing it up very strong. We say in Dutch, uitstel van executie. That's how I see this. It's uitstel van executie. So it's just, you know, this is the same like layer. This is the same like layer. You know, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, just to later do. That's all what I'm seeing. That's how I see this. So we made sick money already on this one. And of course, we take profits here because we know that this thing will bounce up very strongly, especially with Powell coming up Wednesday. So we know that this bounce, this is no surprise to me. So I'm going to be super honest with you.

00:32:44
We took profits really, really. This is no joke over here. I can show you this, by the way, also. We took profits. And when I say profits, more than 90% out. That's the call that I gave. Take more than 90% or more out. What? Yes, take 90% or more out. I don't even have to chart this. I know this is going to happen. I just know it. It's just that six cents is just. I know this is gonna happen, my are you crazy? 90 just 90, take it out or you can even make it 100 just take it out because I know that you can start filling up over here again. I know I don't know if it's gonna break the indie over here but uh I know that this thing so already over here, you know they saved themselves five figures on this.

00:33:42
5 because this is this is really uh Germany just pushing these guys I don't know what they're doing over there but something very creepy some some some horror movie is going on over there in Germany I really don't know what they're doing but uh they're just pushing this price up as much as they can so that's the goal that they have now so next level now to watch is the 23, 280 it's the India and the one hour also comes together beautifully with this uh. So no vehicle with the soda room, excuse me. So what is so over here? So this is basically what I'm eyeing if it will reach and if it will reach how it will we check down And let's see they need to slow a little bit down because we've got power tomorrow power is Power is in play.

00:34:27
You have to be really powerless in play. You have to be really careful, especially with 20. So guys also if I will not make a live stream tomorrow my My honest advice to you guys is sometimes it's good to just, you know, cool down, take a step back, and, you know, just enjoy the markets, looking at them without trade. Just wait it out. Just wait. Let's see Powell is coming in. You know, let Powell do its thing, you know. And then those trades will come. Every day they're coming. So that's what I'm saying. Powell is super dangerous, guys. power and powers in play uh you can burn your trades very fast very fast so sometimes it's better to just you know especially when i'm not around and i'm not having your backs on the charts it's sometimes it's just better to do nothing just do nothing just you know karma calm down just you know so And W, what are the signs for the market?

00:35:37
That's something very, very difficult to explain, especially on a live stream. So I wanted, this one was very remarkable. So the GPY is again, pushing, pushing, pushing. So we'll mill this one over here. They're pushing, but you know, this is, I'm going to make, I'm going to make for the, for the one, some prime XPT. xbt for the ones that are uh interested in hearing that, let me let me repeat myself, Prime XBT. I'll make i'll make a separate video about GPR because GPI is one of the monster trades where you can make Sigma and when I say sick money I mean sick money, so yeah be prepared for that. So enough about I want to go to crypto, I want to this layer you know I'm gonna be honest with you guys, I'm really done with this layer crap you know I'm just gonna be super honest with you guys, I'm really so done with this crap of layer I don't even want to see this layer anymore.

00:36:50
Um what is this, what what what what is this? Oh this is 97 that hit. Is Michael not buying? Why is Mikey not buying? Why is Michael not buying? Mike, where are you, Mike? Mike, where are you, Mike? Mike, where are you, Mike? He did buy. Okay, guys, for me, let me give you this just in case that tomorrow I'll not be around, just that you guys know. So it doesn't matter whatever bounce happens here tomorrow, yes or no, I don't give a crap. The Indy is going to get tested, in my opinion. That's all I think. I think that we're going into the 90k levels. So I think that the Indy on the daily will get tested. So what does that mean? That means that now we're just one day for Powell. The only thing that could give the markets a bullish push up is if Powell starts cutting rates tomorrow. That's the only thing that I think, okay. We can get this temporary push up. But if he doesn't, I think that, you know, every bounce will be short-lived. That's what I think. That's what I think. So let me go to our chart. I know you guys want to see this chart, I think. Where is my chart? I think I, I think I, ooh.

00:38:37
Where's my chart? Oh, here's my chart! Here's my chart! Oh, here's my chart! Here's my famous chart! So we hit this zone over here, you know. Bye bye bye bye bye! Now, be cautious; that's now is it? Be cautious. So now we go on the brakes. So when you want to learn something, no problem wrong just like you know we did all RC uh yesterday. So that's no problem. You long it, secure profits, and you move on to the next and so on and so on and so on. So you have to be super careful over here because this was a pretty, pretty aggressive bounce. This wasn't just a bounce. This was really an aggressive bounce. But, you know, we got Trump doing this, whatever. So this was a bit too aggressive in my opinion.

00:39:30
If this thing would slow down and go up like this. I think that altcoins would have shined much more and made much more gains. But this was also, by the way, the reason why dominance was going. You know, you've got this Benjamin Cowen. I think most of you guys all know who Benjamin Cowen is. Benjamin Cowen acts as if he's the professor of maths, mathematics, or he's the professor of. Whatever, and what is you know, I've got some history with this guy. It was in a previous cycle when he said Bitcoin is going to $100k, and I told him no; today we just hit the top, we're going down; he told me no, I told him yes, no, yes, and when we dumped down, I never heard anything from him back again; he just you know but no problem.

00:40:25
You got this, Benjamin Cowell! What I'm seeing is that he's all, all he talks about is he's now the Bitcoin dominance expert. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You know, this, you know, crypto CT and YouTube. It's so sad. And I understand that if you guys are willing to have something like a W, maybe you're just salty and you're hateful. I understand. But if you guys say it, I understand it. I feel you guys. You know why? Because you're not seeing things just like I see them, you don't hear things like I hear them, but let me tell you it's you know this guy has been talking about dominance, he's analyzing the dominance, I know a kid of seven years old, he can analyze it that way. Who gives a F about Dominus John?

00:41:30
Tell me how I'm going to make money. Stop this BS. You know, he does this very well because he's also a marketing guy, by the way, not as big as the others, but he's also a marketing guy. And I get it that he's, you know. Why he does what he does is because he keeps talking about the dominance chart because he keeps feeding people the greed. He keeps telling them, altcoin season is this, altcoin season might come then, and then altcoin season, altcoin season, alt. Because if you want a lot of followers, if you want a lot of engagement, if you want a lot of people following you, what you do is keep talking about altseason and how you can make 1,000 decks, 2,000 decks, 5,000 decks, 500 decks.

00:42:17
Just destroy your feed with that. Alt season is coming. Tomorrow is the start of alt season. Yesterday was the start of alt season. And just keep repeating yourself. You'll get very successful. Maybe you can try Salsera on your private account. Just try it. Just keep posting. Altcoin season tomorrow. Altcoin season yesterday. Just, you know, if you want to do it really good. Every day share like five altcoins, whatever altcoins out there, and share with them, I think. And then after you have to do it like this: so for example, you do like you know, 'Fart Coin' easy 100x, and then you do 'Swarms' easy 500x, uh based on the chart, virtual. This will be an easy 50x. And then, all season is almost starting, and every day keep repeating Other coins and just do behind them, 100x.

00:43:19
In no time, you'll have 10k, 20k, 50k followers. Because that's what the herd is looking for. That's the only language they want to understand. That's the only language they do understand. It's the only thing they are. You know, when he opens up his Twitter and he goes to feed, he's just looking for, hmm, I need someone that will make me rich. Oh, wait a minute. Here is one. What is this? Oh, it's a beautiful girl. What's her name? Salswa. Crypto is her name. Oh, she's got nice red hair. Oh, oh my God. And she's telling me that those coins will do 50, 100, 500, 1,000 dicks. I've got a portfolio of $5,000. Let me calculate. Okay, I'm going to make $3. 4 million. Thank you, Salswa.

00:44:06
Follow her. You know, that's how it works. That's the other side of the story. Because that's how people think in crypto. They're not focused on, wait a minute, wait a minute, forget about this 100x, 200x, 500x. Okay, whatever. I've got an investing portfolio. I've got like 20, 30, 40, 50% of my money in there. I'm just going to wait, just like MW is waiting, just like Warren Buffett is waiting. I'm going to wait like those guys are waiting, and I'm going to use that money to buy the blood, just like MW has been teaching me for years. And every time I bought the blood, I made 30 40 50 60 100, $200, and $ 300 gains on that money.

00:44:47
Every freaking time, past three years, I didn't miss one of them, so let me do that and let me use the other $50. Let me use that one. How I'm gonna do it is, you know, I'm gonna follow the guy and I'm gonna make money every day. So today, it's a layer; tomorrow, it's uh, it's it's it's whatever altcoin other I'm gonna follow what points have volume. I'm gonna use the indie; I'm going to make money up. I'm going to make money down. I'm going to be defensive. Like tomorrow, I'm not going to do anything. That's how professional traders do it. That's how professional traders think. That's their mindset. They don't, you know, when they see someone posting, 'Oh, this thing is on 500x,' they just start laughing.

00:45:35
It's just comedian. You know, it's just, it's, it's ridiculous. But you have to understand that unfortunately, all those retailers, that's what they're searching for. They're searching for greed. And when you got people feeding greed, that's the success story of crypto. Guys, I'm just spitting facts over here. And I know that maybe this is not what you guys want to hear. These are the facts. I cannot make things. Better or more beautiful for you guys, these are the facts; this is it. You can hate me, you can unfollow me, you can block me-I don't care. I'll tell you the facts in crypto and how it works. Do you think that I would nail this? Oh, easy, easy, easy! So, do you really think that someone who shares openly on Twitter...

00:46:41
when was it when did I share it? I think I shared it around here somewhere... over here... Someone is sharing with you, and you know I'm no bullshitter when I tell you something. You know that it's gonna happen when I tell you that. Over here, I'm going to use every trade I make; every money I make, I'm going to put it into a lay. Short. It's gonna be my next stable coin over here. This is wait a minute. This is when I said it because, you know, I can't keep repeating myself over and over again because I keep doing this for years and nailing whatever it is that I'm saying. If you would just one of you guys would just one time just listen, you would be financially independent.

00:47:21
But listen, over here, I was saying, I was saying, listen, guys, this is going to be my new stable. I never said this, by the way. And on all those coins that I told you I'm never breaking problems. But listen, guys, over here. I told you this is going to be my next stable coin. When you hear me say that, that's huge. Because if MW says that a layer short is his next stable coin, if you would really think about it and let it sink in, you would say the only reaction that you should have is mind-blowing. What? It's just his new stable. What does it mean? It means that he's putting all his money and he's trading or whatever. He's putting it in a short there. He doesn't care.

00:48:09
Every trade. So he got this 20% is in layer. And then every trade I make, I feed the gains into that short. I feed the gains into that short. I feed the gains into that short. It's a huge short. Huge. Because it's building, building. And, you know, basically the only one, chart was over here by the way at 280 or 270 the gains were already explosive over here just imagine how much money this is now that's why I keep saying to you look at my face do you see any doubt always saying it to you look at my face what do you see when you look at me Do you see any doubt? There is zero doubt. Do you know why there is no doubt?

00:49:04
Because I know who I am fighting over here and here and here. I know. And I already told you, I already, if I would go in over here, over here, that's 20 cost $4. 0. This moves up. I already calculate them in. Okay. I have to be honest when I said that I was going to make it, I got to make it a stable coin. That's when you know I stepped up and you know I push things even harder over here but it was just how confident I am that I know that this is gonna happen it's also what keeps asking me sometimes when you know me but you know you know you know and I'm always telling her why are you worried this thing will make you rich only thing that you just wait don't Don't look at it.

00:49:59
Just build, build, build. And then you wake up and then. What am I going to do with that, buddy? How many times did I tell you that, Sansa? A couple of times. Do you even hear me? Sansa just went away. I'm talking to myself. Okay. I'm sorry, guys. Sansa is not listening. I don't know what she's doing. Okay, guys. Uh let's see, let's see so be very careful so let me go to the let me go to the to the outcomes what's going on what's going on with our with our uh with our what happened let's see what happened let's see what happened so um oh move yes move move move yes move move I like to move it move it for the ones that you know live in the 80s 90s they know this song I like to move it move it I like the move it, move it. I like the move it, move it. Move it. So someone DM me, listen, MW, move is pumping. Move is pumping. Move is pumping. Watch move. Watch move. Okay. I watch move. Okay. This is what I saw.

00:51:18
I told them, where were you when I was telling you? Huh? Where were you when I was telling you to short move over here and over here and over here? Where were you? So if you're going to tell me, MW, listen, move dump. Yes, this is a dump. If you watch later, that's a dump. What is this? Is this the pump? Where is that pump? Explain me the pump. Where are you seeing the pump? This is small. But let's see, guys, the Koreans are on it, so there's a lot of volume from the Koreans on Move, but let me tell you that Move is, you know, let's see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, guys, let me see, guys.

00:52:12
Oh, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see. Can you hear me now? I like to move it, move it. I like to move it, move it. move it move it move it move it maybe i need to retire guys maybe i need to i'm talking way too much maybe i need to retire maybe salsa can take over let's see let's see move move it move it move it move it move it oh look at this you got binance listing up and then you know yeah you know you have to understand guys did you guys know by the way that you know a lot of people in crypto 2025 still don't understand this binance listing up back to the ground people still don't understand this you know you know how they see this how you know regular people in crypto see it oh this coin is going to get listed by binance is going to the moon it's it's it's It's just mind-blowing.

00:53:14
Oh, they can hear me, only you can't. Oh, I can't hear you. I don't know why. I don't know why. I cannot hear you. Okay, well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, you can't hear me, but we can hear you both. Okay. Okay. Okay. So she can just call me names now, you know, and I'm laughing. No, I cannot hear her. Okay. Okay. That's nice to know. That's nice to know. Thank you. Thank you. Without echo.

00:53:47
I know, I know, Trevor. I hate those headsets. I don't like those headsets. So move, guys. Move, move. Let me see. I like to move it, move it. What's going on with move? Let's get into some altcoins. I know you guys want to know. I know you guys want to make money. That's simple. Oh, that's a lot of volume. Sorry, that's huge. 280 million. Those Koreans are really crazy. Just keep in mind that move is really, you know. Whatever it is don't hold any move so move is only for trading, trading is shorting you know I said it over here, I said it over here, I said it over here and I'm still saying it over here I'm not, by the way, I'm not saying to short it over here, I don't know.

00:54:33
Don't short it for bottom formations but just theoretically I would, you know I would only trade this thing and don't hold it so whatever, so um Yesterday, Yesterday, there was another, there was another, there was another, another, another, another, there was another, there was another RetroFam member. And he was eyeing, eyeing a coin. And I checked the coin. And I have to say that I'm liking what I'm seeing. So you guys are really, you guys are great, by the way. So this shout out to Monsieur Mamar. I don't think that he's with us now, but Monsieur Mamar, he DMed me about this yesterday, and he's right. And I like this one. So I'm going to show you guys this. So keep an eye on it.

00:55:28
Maybe until the big dump is going to happen, we can make some money on this one. This one. Did you guys see this? This is Loom. Look at Loom, guys. Look at Loom. Did you see this? Are you seeing this? Look at Loom, guys. Loom. Loom. Look at loom. Look. See? Loom. Look. I don’t know if you’re seeing what I’m seeing. Look. You see this? Look at this. Loom. And loom. Loom. Loom is. A lot of volume. Koreans are on it. So, but I have to say, by the way, Koreans are a little bit weaker than they were. So, you know, the pumping power that they had is, you know, it’s a little bit down. But guys, Loon Network is a platform as a service that is built on top of Ethereum.

00:56:46
allows developers to run large oh this is good guys you know this this makes me even more bullish on the same loom okay so let me see uh the goal is uh released on october 1st in 2017 so it's an old dog so the goal is to allow application developers to have smart contracts that can access more computing power when it's required to maintain the same power last car lower cost But tasks such as trials of onboarding their users' applications simply will not need the full security of blockchain. And it's just that, you know, whatever. It's just the same story like always. And this is, you have the ability to interact with APIs developed by third parties or whatever, loom, loom, loom. As such, they can easily integrate their application outside the world.

00:57:39
The loom network runs on Plasma, which is a scanning solution that allows to faster. Transactions, okay, whatever, whatever. Okay, so guys, you know, the thing that interests me is this is what interests me. The thing that is interesting to me is that Loom has got a market cap of 23 million. So if the Koreans are really serious about this coin, and if the Koreans would want to pump this coin, so instead of pumping layer, Layer is, you know, layer is a rock coin. This coin, if you would push this coin up, I would not call in the soldiers to show the crap out of it. I will not. I promise you guys that I will not.

00:58:30
Because this coin, if this would go up and, you know, the fundamentals are strong and the team is building, and Ethereum will gain some momentum, and, you know, the projects are building on Ethereum will find some, you know, this coin could gain some traction; it could make some solid runs up because this pump-up was also I think by, I don't know if the Koreans, I think that maybe the Koreans did this; I don't know who but this is the Koreans at home. So, if there would be one project, if the Koreans want to pump it, they'll pump this one. Everything's looking great. This look at this, this so uh let me tell you, this if this thing dumps down around, if we're gonna get a dump down to, you know, one cent to five so $0.

00:59:28
01 to $0.05. 05 i'll probably buy some of this loom i'm gonna buy myself a small bag you know whatever just in case the koreans want to do boop and then i'm gonna do bloop make some money uh but this coin uh this is just investments why investment wise for for swing trade uh more importantly is uh more important is trading wise because i think trading wise on leverage you can make a lot of money if you would trade it the right way and just put the indie on put the indicator on put the indicator on oh no no there it is so the indicator as you guys can see you see how is it it's struggling So this was a scary. This was a maxi.

01:00:15
You know, it was one guy today. He wanted to join the high volume trading school. And he told me, but NW, I'm, you know, I'm trading on Maxi. Okay. So this is just coming up now. So, okay. Let's check this out. Maybe it's real. Maybe it's true. Maybe, you know, maybe I'm making a mistake. So, but let's check it. If I'm making a mistake then I will be the first for now just for now on a loom because I've seen it like a thousand times it's also the reason why my partnership didn't continue it because I don't like exchanges that hunt retailers down and your hunt retail is down that's why you got troubles with me so Coinex, let's use Coinex. Ah no this is not this one is not So this is Korean's.

01:01:10
This is not Maxi. But what you're seeing over here is what Maxi does a lot. A lot, a lot, a lot. So in this case, not. So I'm going to give the benefit to Maxi. This is not Maxi. But Maxi, this is exactly what Maxi does. Because Maxi is, by the way, they offer lower fees than the average exchanges out there. But they make most of their money by, you know, spiking up. And what happens is that a lot of retailers, they get stopped. And, you know, the reason why, you know, at some point when I was a partner, I see, you know, I get like 10 DMs a day from the retail fund members. This is an MW. I got, my stop loss gets hit.

01:01:52
But if I would, I'm watching Binance chart, a Blowfin chart, I'm watching a BTNX chart, however, that price never reached that level. You know, at some point I told them, okay, stop this or I'm gonna stop, so that's you know, you have to see like this, these exchanges they got a lot of costs, they've got a lot of things, securities to pay for, a lot of work if, if you see an exchange offering very you know lower fees, they're getting the money from another place, so you know it's a nasty way but they make like 10 times more money this way, just say just say just say they would never catch me by the

01:02:41
way, but uh, if you would trade with stop loss, so uh guys, so so loom uh keep an eye on it, it's on the four hour let me let me put the india there we go there you go there you go there you go there you go there you go you see this you can even put it on the one hour guys look at this oh oh baby baby baby How is it looking on the daily? Oh, this is nasty. So keep an eye on loom, guys. The Koreans, there is some, you know, the Koreans are keeping an eye on loom. So I think that you guys should also keep an eye on loom. Look at this. Oh, this is nasty. Look at this. This is just now. Oh. Look at this.

01:03:30
Oh, some nasty candles. But you have to keep an eye on Loom, I'm telling you, keep an eye alone, just keep looking at this, this boom up and then this top down, why what's going on? This is uh, this is uh, this is the Bide ride neighbor. We must, we must put an alarm over here; let me put another alarm over here. So this is I don't know what's going on over here but keep an eye on Loom, I've said it so that was about Loom enough about Loom and then I wanted to talk about another one, yeah, this one uh, ICX guys, ICX, ICX; this is an all dark, a very aggressive coin just like all RC and again the Koreans are on it. Can you hear me now?

01:04:27
This was a very, you know. Oh. This was. Oh. What is this? Whoa. Look at this, guys. What was this? How much was this? ICX. 50%. Retesting the Indy. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Look at this, look at this, look at this. But this is also something that's, you know, we're not used to see this, by the way, because most of the time, most of the time, Koreans, you know, when they pump coins, they, you know, they keep pumping them. This is a little bit changing in their, you know, changing in their style of trading. Because I haven't seen this. You know, they're now joining just the average people, pump, dump, pump, dump, pump, dump. But why are they doing this?

01:05:27
That this is not what they use it but you know it's testing the indicator over here, let me see what is what is what is what is what is all these old coins that you know, these Kareens are crazy so we've got over here ICX uh ICX, so it's a lot of volume that's this is some huge volume over here so yeah. Keep an eye on ICX, guys. Keep an eye. You can trade. Make some money. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe not. We saw also Trump tweeting again, fight, fight. But, you know, it isn't having a lot of effect anymore. So, you know, you have to be really worried that when the president of the United States of America, when he's shilling a coin and it's not having an effect, you really should start worrying about crypto.

01:06:26
There was a time I remember if someone just, you know, you know, you know, I remember a time when Elon Musk was was just, you know, putting putting a profile pic of Bitcoin on his Twitter account could move Bitcoin with 20, 30 percent up. And altcoins with five, six, seven X's out of nothing. I don't know if you guys remember that, but, you know, and now. So we did grow in crypto to be honest so we really did grow so now the president of the United States of America he's shilling his own coin and people are like yeah whatever well you know whatever yeah okay okay well okay okay whatever. So the DXY is uh It's very strange that the markets are now moving with the DXY. They keep doing this.

01:07:34
If the DXY goes down, the market goes down. This is very remarkable. A lot of things are changing. Only the DAX is holding ground over here. Only DAX is a monster. But DAX, you gave us a lot of gains already today. We're expecting you to do it again. Hey, Dexy, you might do it again. Just do it again and again and again. But guys, again, again, we've got Powell tomorrow. So just keep in mind that Powell, when Powell is in play, it's better to be safe than sorry. So I'm going to be super honest with you guys. You can trade using the Indy. No problem. Use the Indy. And, uh, just be careful out there, you know. Things could get very volatile with Baltimore up and down, up and down.

01:08:26
So even if you're trading trade the trade the lower time frames, 50 minutes, one hour, five minutes, trade those and just close in those games again and again and again, and do it all over again and again. Keep closing them, that's the only stop. And if you're like you know me right, you know maybe I'm just gonna take a day off trading tomorrow, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good. So uh, yeah, basically that's it. Uh, by the way, for the ones that have been umming me about uh the trading courses, guys, you have to only do that if it's financially possible for you and if you just want that extra step, if you want that extra attention, extra explanation. et cetera, et cetera. So either way, just follow me on the live streams.

01:09:26
You will be okay. You will be okay. So it's only really for the ones that are really woke. want to go die hard into trading you know that's uh that's when you and especially for the ones basically oh also for the ones that are new in crypto new in trading new in lever trading those one is also very for those one you can drop it if you are with me for a while no need no need no need to do this uh beginner it's your own choice by the way but i'm just saying uh there's not a lot of need for it uh for the high volume trades that's really uh high volume traders

01:10:03
that's uh our follow-up awful because i'm being super super busy last uh day's week so i'll follow up on that one and it will start soon enough thanks all for joining in congrats for the ones that believed in me congrats for the ones that have been let me put it on the screen we started with it we're gonna end with it so congrats to those uh i want to also congrats I also want to say congrats to the GTC team because GTC team has been, I think, I cannot say this openly, but let's just say shout out to GTC team. They have been building this position from over here, I think. Yes, from over here. They have been building this position up and down, and they kept with it, with it, with it, with it, with it, with it. Well, we're basically almost done. So they DCA'd in. You know they did a lot of crappy things over here, but a shout out to GCT, so really, shout out to them; I love you all; have a nice one, great, safe, and bye.
*** Live Stream 05-09-2025 Trump announcement today! Here is what I'm going to do. *** 

00:00:00
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. MW and welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome retail fam. Welcome to the best trading community on the webs. Welcome to the ones that protect the capital of any cost. Welcome to the one that own enough cash to buy any dump. Welcome to the ones that are doing things like this. Welcome to the ones that don't get lead into the slaughterhouses. Welcome. To those who hate the sheilas, welcome to those who don't want to get effed by the shit but welcome everyone, welcome, welcome to the new ones, welcome to the new subscribers. Yeah, so you're gonna get your doses of MW today, that's definitely gonna happen, so that's I know, I know.

00:00:52
You guys are here because you want a little bit of doses of MW, you want to make money again and again, so and you know, sometimes you know, sometimes it feels like people, you know when I keep nailing bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, and then people get a little bit, you know they're gonna get the high expectations and it's always okay, and w what's next, okay, what's next, okay, that's and then karma people, karma, enjoy this, let this, you know, let this get in. Enjoy it, you know, think about it, you guys have been suffering a lot over here. You know, so you have been suffering for like 20 days. Now you want to just in one or two days. No, you have to enjoy this. Enjoy it.

00:01:44
You know, look at it. No, just enjoy it. Enjoy it. There was one retail firm member, he told me, MW, I remembered when you told us about that Berra chart. It's not this chart. You made a live stream. You told me I was watching it with my wife. We were sitting and looking at Berra. And then you were explaining exactly this. It's still here, by the way. I didn't remove it. Then you told us that it's going to do exactly the same, just like Berra. And he told me, I looked at my wife in her eyes and I told her, he's got to do it. He's got to do it. Then his wife told him, no, no, don't do it. Listen, honey, he's got to do it. He did it a lot of times already. And if he says that that thing, if he says that that thing will do the same like Bera. Just believe the guy. No, honey, don't do it.

00:03:01
No, honey. So you have to imagine this. So you have to imagine it like this. So we were over here. We were over here. Yes? Okay. This is when I said it. And then he goes, honey, honey, honey, let's go. Let's do it. Let's make a lot of money. No!

00:03:28
So they were just sitting in the living room, you know, thinking about their summer vacation and how much money they need for their vacation. And his name is Hans. And Hans told his wife. By the way, not the Hans that you're seeing on Twitter. It's another Hans. This is his personal name. He uses another name. So Hans. He tells his girl, I don't know what his wife's name is. Honey, this is our vacation money. Just believe the guy. He does not miss. No!

00:04:10
Listen, honey. He did it on a lot of altcoins; he never misses; he doesn’t lose; so what Hans did, basically, Hans, what he did, is he thought, okay, honey, we’re not gonna do it, so he did it without her knowing about it. He made 12K; it’s not a lot of money by the way, at least for such a dumb 12K is nothing but he made 12K for him, it was a lot. So he made 12K. And then he told, he told, he went to his wife and he told her, honey, he showed her the chart. And maybe they’re, not maybe they’re watching my live stream, I think in the living room on television again. So Mrs. Honey, yes, that's you I'm talking to. So Mrs.

00:05:06
Honey, so he showed her the chart. Honey, I told you, this guy doesn’t miss. And then Honey, I’m just calling you Honey, by the way. And then Honey told him, oh, Hans, why did you listen to me? He told her, I didn’t, Honey. He told her, I didn’t. You did what? So, by the way, he texted me yesterday about this story. And they're going, you know where they're going? They go to, what was that? They're going to an island, I think, in Spain or something. Not Ibiza. Another island. I forget about the name. So they're going there. He cashed it in, and he booked a vacation for, I think it was, $ 10K. And he told me the other 2K I'm going to use for the trading course with, for him and his wife.

00:05:59
125. My alarm just went off on there. So, Hans. Super super happy for you and I want to give a shout-out to you Hans today because, why, because the shout-out doesn't go out to me; I do this on daily basis, this is just what I do for a living. But for you, you have the guts and the balls to go against Honey so, Honey, you suck! Honey, but you know Honey doesn't care if she sucks or not because she's going on a 25-day vacation on some Spanish uh, some Spanish island with everything paid on a resort, and everything! So Hans, I love you, bro, I really love you, and I'm gonna see you at the training course; I'm gonna see you at the training course. Oh my god!

00:06:54
So that was the story about Hans guys, I just wanted to tell you guys so because it was a fascinating story, you know? I've been reading it yesterday night before I was going to sleep, and you know, it was really, you know; I've been laughing my butt off. So what do we got? What do we got? Travel 11, the first one. My bro, Raza, Crypto Fiora. Is this Bob Biggie? Scott, we got Ants. Ah, Leon the Monster is over here. Leon is really active lately. Leon is killing it. Leo, Leo, Leo. I'm going to speak to you soon, Leo. Leon, maybe this weekend. I'm going to speak to you soon. Let's see what you guys are doing, how good you guys are doing. Let's see, let's see.

00:07:40
We got straight up, we got Kira, we got Helena. Helena just, she made us another beautiful creation. Alpiman, thank you for that, Helena. Shout out to Helena. Pedro, we got Trent, Alpiman, Akib Victor, we got Zaganu, Peter, Ali Kaber, Ali Kaber, Walid. Shout out to Walid also. Merik, Maticha, Brian Jacobs, Al Pink. Al Pink, Al Pink. We got Alcon Janus, Benjamin, Ifran, Rakan, Rosie. We got Ellen, Forgeri, Liz, Ziggy. Travel. So let me show this of Travel 11. He wants to share something with you guys. There it is. There it is. There it is. So the news of today is probably the trade deal with US-UK. Who gives a F? And if it's this case, it's already priced in, as this is leaking everywhere. But it doesn't even have to leak.

00:08:45
Who gives a F? People are acting as if, whatever, if the United States has got a trading deal with the UK. Yes, so? So what? You know, are you guys feeling me? So what? They've got a training, whatever. Is that supposed to be bullish for the markets? You know, the real important stuff about the financial markets was yesterday. You had to listen to what Mr. Powell was saying. It was no surprise to me. I knew that what he was going to say, but that's important. That's important. Because that's what's going to happen the coming weeks based on what he said and he was yesterday super bearish; does that mean that markets need to dump because it wasn't?

00:09:44
Because he has been bearish for a long time, and the markets went bananas, but we are at two high levels, we're going to talk about it in a moment, we're going to talk about a moment so we got uh John Farnham, we got Roy McCoy, Uh Obluda. Kenism. We got Rack and Josh, Karima Ziz, Mia Nova. Jules, we got Jacine L. Jett. We got Xoxo Jule. Okay, welcome, welcome all. No music today because we have to, you know, we have to take a minute of silence for Leia, you know. No reason to be happy about this. Look at the layer. Layer, okay. Who gives an F layer? And layer, who gives an F? Let me go to the wheel markets. Let me go to, ha, bum, bum. Look at this, guys.

00:10:47
Look at this. Look at this. This is my baby. This is my baby. I don't even care about FTSE or about UK or about, this is my baby. this is it, what I by the way guys, by the way guys, keep in mind that coming weeks, days, there will be a lot of action gonna happen on Priming Speed. I'll show you guys some, you know, being else sorry guys, based on the analyze that I'm making so keep an eye on that, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming! So now we're not only analyzing the financial markets so we know what to do on crypto. No, we're going to take it, you know, a level higher. We're going to also trade those financial markets at the same time while we're trading crypto.

00:11:43
So let me tell you how am I doing it. So I'm using PrimeXBT basically only for CFDs. I know you can also trade. Crypto on it, Bitcoin, etc., so you want to do that? Be my guest! Just do it, but I'm used because I want to keep it separate, so I've got Prime for me. You know, or you can just do Bitcoin if you want. But Prime is for me, more about commodities, Forex, and indices and stocks-that's what I'm focusing on. So my crypto trading is on Blovin and BNX, that's where I trade my crypto and coins. And you can do Prime if you also want, for the high volume trades are very important, high volume traders listen!

00:12:28
High volume traders, so if you would like to, like, use Bluffing or Beating X for your coins, and you use Prime, you know, Prime is for the CFDs, and even if you want to trade some Bitcoin or I want to trade some theory or whatever, you can do that also. But I rather do that on Bluffing and Beating X, to be honest. So I just use it only for the CFD, that's all that I'm using it for. And you guys are gonna see some sick things happen already, you're gonna see so soon! I'm gonna try to make you guys a tutorial, uh, about it, and how to read it, and you know, how to do it, and etc so it's all coming up also.

00:13:16
By the way, I was It was, you know, I want to say this because this is, in my opinion, something that made me so happy today. It really made me happy. It's the highlight of my day today. The highlight of my day today was there is one retail firm member. He DM'd me and he told me, 'Listen, I want to ask you.' He said, 'I've got a son. He's 13 years old, 13/13. And I want him to join your training course with the forwards.' He told me, 'Can he join that group?' 13 years old, you know. I told him, 'Of course he can join.' I'm looking forward to it. You know, that's, you know, in my opinion, that's just my honest opinion.

00:14:18
but i think you know these you know when i see children in the age of 13 14 15 16 17 18 18 i don't know you're not a child anymore you're a grown-up but this this is these are the ages just imagine if i would train these guys these guys are empty-headed you know i can you know i can build them into ai bots these guys you know i can really make make make m work on machines out of these people you know it's so so it's it's not only it's not only that i'll allow it i love it i just super super super super love it that you're doing this for your son so i really i really love it and i'm looking super super forward to it to you know to work with him and to train him and to help him and to educate him so

00:15:12
okay so dax guys look at taxi look look look see look see look see look so we got okay basically let's tell let's get the story out of what's the story so the stories yesterday we had you know Just like I shared on Twitter, I told you: okay, we're gonna have a dump, and then Paul starts speaking; then we're gonna have to pump. And I told you that after that, you will get the reaction, how the markets are reacting on it. The only thing is, is that freaking Trump keeps manipulating also the Fed now. So even the Fed and, you know, everything he wants to be, he wants to, you know, this guy; I don't know; we say, we say in Dutch, this, like this guy; it looks like this guy didn't have a lot of attention in his life when he was, when he was young, you know?

00:16:04
It looks like this guy was, you know, it was that child that was always in the corner. Nobody wants to play with him. Nobody wants to talk to him. Nobody wants to do whatever with him. His parents didn't care about him. That's how I see Trump. So now he's president. So he wants, you know, the lights need to shine on him every time. So every time when something is very important, then he comes in play. Oh, I'm going to do that. I'm going to announce that. I'm going to do that. OK. Or whatever, so now he's making this big announcement. Oh, big announcement, you know, okay. So this is the reason that the market's up because if you go to the US 500, look, uh, it's basically exactly just like I told you guys yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, so we had over here.

00:16:57
This was let me show you on one hour, that you can see so you also understand it, you also understand it, so this was basically yesterday when was this if I think somewhere over here or here somewhere, so you had this dump that's always happened, so you got the dump and then Paul starts speaking, there comes the pump. So this is the pump that happened and we're still pumping by the way, but I think that Paul is also feeding this pump and he's just pushing wait a minute are we also waiting a minute? We go no, no, we're definitely not okay. So now over here, this thing is just ramping up, where's my box by the way.

00:17:37
Where's my box, oh yeah, that's my box, nice, nice, nice, so here's my box, so we're still just traveling over here, let's put it on the daily, so we're just traveling over here, and well this is this is this is resistance and this is also resistance, so we'll probably get a rejection from these levels, so um I'm very I'm looking guys I'm you know I'm waiting I'm letting this pump happen I'm waiting for also for this announcement this is this circus announcement to happen also, and uh you know it's very simple, uh we're going back into shorting. That's just what's going to happen. Then you can tell, well, MW, what do I mean by shorting? If you're going back, what was this then? This wasn't shorting, guys. This was stablecoin.

00:18:40
This was just, you have to see it like this, guys. You guys have no idea. You guys really have no clue what's going on. When I decided to make a stablecoin out of this layer, short, you have to understand that this is almost a 27x as we speak, a stable coin. So what does it mean? It means if you got like, you know, let me just give you guys a number-50k. Do the math, that's all I have to say; it's a stable coin to me. I don't care anymore. You know when you see me saying this is a stable coin to me, know that I don't care anymore; I just put the money and let it there, put the money and keep it there Put the money and keep it there.

00:19:21
Put the money. I don't care about it. It's my stable coin. And the more it wants to go up, the more I'm going to add to it. It's just my stable coin. Every freaking dime I make, I just put it in. But I didn't expect them to pay me out this fast. Actually, I did. But you have to keep in mind that if it's your stable coin, you know, you can also see it like this. You know, with this position now. For sure, this position has been decreased by at least 75%. Just keep that in mind. Don't think that this thing. Because I think that if the position was still the same, this thing would have went up already. So the position is decreased by 75%.

00:20:02
So there's no need to pump this up now. But listen, this thing, you have to see it like this. Only the 25% that is running now in this position. Let's just say I can open up 30-40 big positions now and uh my liquidations level will be will be super super high because of this position. This is something I never explained to you guys but for another time, for another time. So uh basically, what's gonna so for me uh it's now uh really really preparing for it for the shorts. So um It already started, to be honest, so slowly. We're going to talk about them in a moment. We're going to talk about some coins and how I'm seeing it, what I'm seeing, and I think there's a lot of money to be made.

00:20:55
But, you know, first of all, we have to wait for this news to come out. When is it coming out? Does anyone know in how many hours this circus is going to begin? Around three hours. In three hours about yeah two and a half, two and a half, okay, two and a half, three hours, okay, so pushy, pushy, pushy. Then let's see, maybe we'll get peep, and then down, and then down, whatever, so uh, Trump is getting his show, so uh, yeah, great for Trump, so I'm eyeing for the shorts by the way, also some pretty nice longs have been opened, so let me go into what did I want to show you guys? I want to show you guys something else. Let me go to my green; I was eyeing this one in the morning, this one, guys, look at this one, guys, look at this one, see this one.

00:22:07
So did you guys know that, you know, past days I haven't been checking on this chart? My bad. I'm sorry, guys. Forgive me. But I didn't check on this chart. So today I decided to go and check on it. So when I checked on it, you know, every time when I see Bitcoin, you know, finding some momentum, ramping up, I always go to this chart. Why do I go to this chart? Because this chart shows me what the wheels are doing, what they're planning. That's always why I'm going into this chart and I think that you guys should do the same, uh, so, so basically what are we seeing over here, uh, what we're

00:22:46
seeing over here is first of all this line over here, this could be a possible, uh, double bottom so if we're gonna find some support here and this thing starts bouncing up, this is bearish for Bitcoin by the way, for the one that don't know what Pax GPTC is, XGBTC is, uh, basically if this thing goes up, Bitcoin goes down, and when this thing goes down, Bitcoin goes up, it's basically Gold versus Bitcoin so it's just what wills use the flip so we are, so we're heading into some, uh, some strong support over here but the support could also reach this one, so it's it's basically between the 33 and the 31, uh, let me put it on a weekly

00:23:31
and let me put the indie on, you guys see this, uh, it's also because we had this break out of the indie and we're coming back to retest it, I'm just saying guys keep this in mind, keep this in mind so we broke out on the indie it does it doesn't now this is the real test So keep this in mind. Keep this in mind. Don't let Michael Saylor fool you. Don't let Michael Saylor fool you, please. Let's see. Let's see. But also, by the way, there are some, you know, there are some I didn't check it myself, by the way. But, you know, I've been reading some of those. Some of those traders, they say there are some or there are some-there are some heavy, heavy short liquidations above the 100 possible.

00:24:30
But let me tell you this: the real traders they don’t have liquidation levels above 100 so you know whatever so uh if it if it is it's retailers it's just greedy retailers that are you know shorting bitcoin on high amounts and having like uh stop loss or liquidation level at 101, 102, 103, whatever. But we're going to talk about Bitcoin in a moment. So this is basically what I'm eyeing now. This is my show. This is my show. So let them watch the heat maps and the beat maps and whatever map they want to watch. I don't care. I'm watching this chart. So this chart is now for me. This is law for me. This is number one. And then we have another one.

00:25:27
What are you? What are you? It's a mess. Yeah, this one. What is this one? I think this one we lost. Oh, this is, by the way, this one, we lost this one. This was exactly when we started to buy in over here. When we were at these levels. And now we're losing. Oh, this is, oh, this is good for altcoins. This is looking super bullish for altcoins and for Bitcoin.

00:26:02
I haven't been checking these charts lately, but look at this, guys. We were so focused on altcoins. Look at this. So we broke on this uptrend. We lost the Indy. We retested the Indy. Came into support. Sideways, sideways, sideways. Retested the Indy again. Getting rejected. And off she goes. this is oh, this is really, this is how you make money in crypto, this is one nasty candle, hmm so basically this so paxi is getting into support but I'm not seeing you know I have this box is this so is this We still have some more space for this. Dump it down. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, we've got the Indy. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. We've got the indicator. Indicator over here. We've got the indicator over here. Same like Paxi for retest. Oh, this is going to be, you know, this is, you know, you guys know me. You guys know who I am. you know i always tell you exactly what i think i don't flip around so this is really what to think about this so this if this thing is gonna hold that's super bearish but you know

00:27:59
yeah this this this is a tricky one this is not i'm not i'm not seeing a clear so we've got over here the weekly support but you know i don't know i don't know and this this chart i just don't see i don't have any clear signs on what oh we're testing the 100k already so let's go to bitcoin by the way let's forget about everything oh bitcoin oh bitcoin bitcoin is basically this so that's why we're seeing that usage so how high can bitcoin go um bitcoin is following the markets by the way right should be yeah yeah it's following the markets 1 . 2 already so they really are hungry for whatever you know whatever trump is gonna oh this is gonna be so

00:28:57
You know, a lot of people, if you want to, for the ones that know me, I think many of you guys don't know me, you know, when I see this, you know, the only thing I'm seeing is a lot of gains and a lot of money in the making. The only thing that I'm doing now is, you know, if you want to get into my mind, I'm now not thinking about whether or not it's going down. I know it's going down. And it's going down hard. I just need to know when. So when you see me, while I'm doing the live stream, I'm thinking together with you guys. I'm trying to figure out the when. It's all about the when. It's not about the if. It's always about the when. You know, everything goes up, everything goes down at some point. But it's about calculating the when. When. It's all about the timing. When.

00:30:07
How did it do, by the way?

00:30:19
Thank you. I've seen it. Yeah, this one I was looking for. This is impressive. Basically, from when we bought it-by the way, more than uh 85 percent is being stopped out in uh the profits uh over here, I think on this drop with this drop, so I'm 85% out. By the way, guys, so uh this ramp up I'm missing this romp up am I gonna cry about it? No, why are you not gonna cry because I've got layers. Yes, I'm sorry, guys. I bought this bottom perfectly, and I took 85% out over here. So I'm really sorry. Bitcoin bounced up a little bit more with Trump going on and whatever and the Fed said. So I'm really sorry. But, you know, I've got layers to make it up for me, 35%.

00:31:31
Since we bought in over here that's that's that's that's damn impressive and how is this one looking ah ah you also want to go back to that so how is this one looking aha look at this guy, this is remarkable, this is so remarkable. So bitcoin is pumping well bonus is dumping okay now I need to check the E chart now I need to check the ether, so if it should be yeah you see, you see it is oh nice, 7. 5 percent each day that's super impressive and you know uh look at oh look at this one and break out of here indicator hold hold hold hold hold here the indicator becomes a little bit smaller. And then, ah, ETH is killing it. Altcoins.

00:32:41
You know, I really want to see the face of Scott Melker now. Scott Melker? What's his name? Scott, whatever. That wolf of Wall Street, I don't know. So, he said that this was impossible to happen. You should buy Bitcoin instead of ETH; it is making 7. 5 percent, and Bitcoin is just doing 2. 8 percent, so if uh whatever I'm not even gonna talk about it with these guys, so um yes this is impressive by the way, guys. I don't know what this is causing uh we got dominance at this moment dropping pretty hard; this is, I haven't seen dominant because the remarkable part about this is This Bitcoin is ramping up while Dominus is dropping. That's super remarkable. I haven't seen this for a very long time, to be honest.

00:33:40
I really haven't seen this for a while. So this is pretty, this is damn bullish. This is really damn bullish. But, okay, so that said, that said, so this is, by the way, for altcoins, very bullish, by the way. Be very careful with altcoins. But for now. Also, since we broke up off this thing, look at this thing. It's really mind-blowing. So, yes, let's see. Let's see if this thing will get into the box. I'll be preparing myself for some juicy shorts. What? What are you saying? Yes, yes, yes, yes. So, I missed this ramp up myself, to be honest. But I had some personal stuff going on today and yesterday, but I'll definitely catch the shorts. I think that there are some juicy shorts. So let's go into them. Let's go into them. Enough, enough, enough. So first of all, what do I got? What do I got? Let me see. Let me see. First of all, I want to check this form coin. Form. What is form? Forum USDT. Some birdies are telling me about form. What is form? What? Is this the form? It's another form. I think it's another form. Take the gate chart. Gate home. Gate. This should be four. Yeah, that's the right one. This is four. Yeah. Yeah, form. So it's called form.

00:35:37
What is this? What is it is? What is it is? What is it? It used to be BNX. Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah.

00:36:01
Only you understand why I'm laughing. But it's very good. This is good education for the retail firm. All you guys are here with. Listen, guys. When you analyze some altcoin, you want to analyze some coin and you want to, I don't know, you want to long it or short it. I don't know. You could open up, uh, you could, you could open up an altcoin like this, you know, you could, you could open up an altcoin like this or you could have even watched it like this, you know, you know like this, for example, you know like this, you're watching like this. Oh, this thing pumped so much, oh, bumpy, bumpy, bumpy! This thing might be ready for short, you know, yeah, yeah, but I want you to do this always before you're gonna do it.

00:36:55
Look at your eyeball. It's not on my chart. Yeah, well, it's the Gayla York chart. What do you mean? Ah, it's the Gayla York chart. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. It's still four. It's not four. It's the wrong chart again. It's the wrong chart again! Yes. I know it's right for me, no, it's not. It's it's no, it's not the whole chart you have some secret code I don't have, I don't have i don't have that in my chart. I'm sorry, let's go, let's go to the next, let's go. So this is uh for me, uh you can remove this, remove this, so let me go to the coins that we're going to talk about, that I'm interested in guys, let me show you, let me show you, let me show you, let me show you.

00:37:44
So first of all Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, someone told me, you know on Twitter, it's very, you know it's, you know remarkable. You guys can you please tell us what is the next coin you're gonna destroy as you have to be patient that that's something that doesn't happen just you know like okay let's let me know that it doesn't work like that. So um there's a lot of research going before that I mean you know when I want to make a promise I'm going to make it, by the way there's something else going on if the markets keep doing what they're doing uh the MW short EDF is coming into life again so I might start the MW short EDF.

00:38:32
again so that's something that i'm eyeing for now i'm eyeing to get the mw short edf active again because i think that there are a lot of coins uh this coin for example is one of them this will definitely be on the short edf What you said? Yes, you heard me right. This coin will be definitely on the short ETF. But MW, yes, again, this coin will be at the short ETF. This coin that you're seeing over here. Just saying. Just saying. So I'm looking for that. So this KITO, this volume is really massive. Massive volume from the Koreans. These Koreans, they really, you know. These Koreans, they really know how to pump their coins. But, you know, you all know this already. So this is no big surprise to you.

00:39:22
So keep in mind that we're heading into some resistance over here. So if this thing ramps up, yeah, well, you know, keep an eye on it. How are the funding rates on this one? Let me check, let me check how, what are they doing? Kaito, Kaito, because I think that they should be in red, Kaito. But I think this thing is ready. I think it's ready. Let's see, let me see. Well, it's getting green slowly, slowly, slowly getting green. So I think that Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, well, Kaito will Kaito at some point. No, I think that Kaito will Kaito. So let me check something else for you guys. I think it's very important. do

00:40:12
we got any unlocks coming up um let me let me check let me check with them okay guys bear with me i'm trying to find the money for you guys because you guys are over here for the money right you want to make money so you know let me let me let me find the money for you i'm trying to find the money for you so I'm trying to find you guys the money Money, I'm trying to find you guys the money where the money is made where the money is made Well, you guys are gonna make a lot of money money money money Let's see, so what do we got what do we got? What do we got? Oh, I got it all open. Why is it not?

00:41:00
So, we got move movies getting some unlock up Move it, move it, move it. And then we got layer. Well, that's obvious. Then we got, oh, I don't know what this is. Some shit going, I think. But this one is interesting. Let me see. How is the chart looking? We got one here. Guys. Stark. Stark. Stark. Stuck oh no oh no oh no stay away from this oh oh no no no no by the way if you see this it means that i shorted the crap out of it with this thing look at this don't show this don't show this never short this just stay away from it guys I know the more you watch my live streams you guys will become monster traders because why while you guys are with me over here, you know, every freaking time, you know, you guys are seeing live how I think and how I act and what's a red flag, what's a green flag, you know, that's about the best education anyone can get.

00:42:24
It's always, I think, in my opinion, also these live streaming streams are one of the best you can get. Let me check. Let me check. What is this? Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is an interesting one, guys. This is an interesting one. So I just spotted something. I just spotted something for you. I spotted something for you. I spotted something for you. I spotted something for you guys. I spotted something for you guys. Do you guys remember this? I know, I know, I know. Many of you guys, you don't remember this. I made so much noise about this coin over here, over here, over here. Because why? It's for me very simple. When I see that all the crypto influencers start talking about one coin, even Uncle Ren was talking about it.

00:43:20
He got them all, really all the whole package. You are getting the whole package, crypto influencing package. They were all shilling this coin. That was exactly the moment I told them, okay, this is a coin to short. You know, not only based on what they are saying, but it was. Look at this. Do you guys know that this thing has got an unlock? Do you know how much? Almost 60% is going to get unlocked. 66-0, Hello? Hello? Hello? Open up the door. 6-0, guys. Oh, oh mamma mia, oh mamma mia, oh mamma mia! 60%, so basically what I wanted this thing is what is this, but then you guys will probably think okay.' So, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute! You want to know how I think, right?

00:44:37
You want to know how I think, right? You want to know how I think, right? So, this is what I think. I'm going to tell you guys exactly what I think. I think that this is one of the most bullish coins to keep an eye on. What? What are you saying, MWE? Yes, that's what I'm saying. I think that this thing is super bullish. I only think that. Why I think that this thing is super bullish? This thing, first of all, don't short this. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Don't short it. You heard me right. Don't short this. That's number one. Even if you want to short it, short it on 5 minutes, 10 minutes, it's in or out.

00:45:29
Focus on it if this thing closes in if this thing closes in in its 11 days, in 11 days, if the unlock after the unlock or even before the unlock if you see that the funding rates go red super high. This is one of those coins that you can longer crap out of use the indicator, use the in, use the indie and just trade it. Because I think that this is one of those quotes. It's already breaking out, by the way. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Is this a breakout? Let me do a little bit of wannabe TA. This is wannabe TA. This is wannabe TA. Let me do a little bit of wannabe TA. Yeah, this is wannabe TA. So you got a sort of a breakout.

00:46:25
We're breaking out. Oh, bear flag. Yes. Yes. A breakout. So this is a breakout. How's the volume there? It's an interesting one. Guys, you know, if you see me focusing on one coin, know that I'm smelling money. I'm smelling money. There's some money going on over here. Something is going to happen over here. So, $ 30 million. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. I think with this 60% online, guys, I think that the whales are interested in this one. And what do I mean by that? Interested in. pumping the crap out of this and why will they pump the crap out of it because they're gonna wreck a lot of retailers they're gonna destroy those retailers but it's a bit too early in my opinion it's a bit too early if they were like you know four five days you know that would give me you know some more you know 11 days is a bit too early for me but guys i'm telling you and remember what i say

00:47:46
this coin maybe in a week a lot of action gonna happen on this a lot of volume and when that volume hits in use the indie trust the indie you know just trust it trust it even more than your wife or your husband or your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever that is you love trust the indie you can make sick money on this coin so keep an eye put your alarms on this coin look look rejected rejected rejected now we're breaking out so i'm not telling you too long it now i think it's a little bit too early for me now but uh let me just say i think that really this coin will go up i think that this coin Will go up, I think this coin will really maybe even double from price before the unlock, maybe double, maybe even triple.

00:48:45
That's what I think. So, next one. Next one. What do I got? Is there something? Oh, MW, we love that you're doing this unlock also with us on the live streams. Yes, we love you, MW. You keep surprising us in every stream. You keep showing us other stuff. We love you. I love you guys, too. But, you know, to be honest, the unlock is not a lot. Whatever is going on there's this going on I don't know what this coin is I don't know if yes yes go go back to form I found the issue it's at all-time high with the market cap that's because they like uh they merged 100 they put 100x on the coin like it was like 6 million before now there's 500 million or 600 million coins so that price is not it's not relevant Oh, this is an interesting one, by the way.

00:49:42
Thank you, Salso. Thank you so much. This is an interesting one. Aha! We found one. Aha! This is an interesting one, guys. I told you I'm going to find you something. I told you I'm going to find you something. I told you I'm going to find you something. But let me see. Is it, you know, is it available? Is it available? Is it available? Is it of a level? What is this? I told you I'm going to find some. We're going to find some cookies. Okay, so it's not of a level. I think this is just shit. Anyway, I was, you know, I was celebrating too early. I was celebrating too early. Yes, I suck, guys. I know I suck. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I know I suck.

00:50:34
I was celebrating too early. Yeah, this thing is what is this shit? Let me check guys. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Why Bitcoin? Why? Why is an exchange? No, I think it's an exchange. I think it's an exchange. Why? Let me let me let me see what it was. Why do it? Well, it's a native coin of a large cryptocurrency. I thought so. WeBT is a native coin of one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in Europe. Aha! Now it's established in 2018, become leading. Good for you guys. Good for you. I'm really so happy for you guys.

00:51:20
I'm really so happy for you guys. I'm really so happy. You cannot imagine how happy I am for you. I'm so happy for you guys. Oh, you know, you guys rock. You guys rock. Yeah, you guys are just scamming everyone else, but you know why? Not just you know you're scamming the whole world, so why not? So yeah, well, you know... We got over here: top hot loss 33 percent, six percent, five percent, and then one percent. So it's basically uh, the new binance, this what I'm seeing over here, but this is basically just the new Binance, okay, so whatever... Uh, I wouldn't invest a penny in this coin, by the way, just that you guys know... So I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, guys...

00:52:12
So this is also uh, no go, so that's it, guys. So let me go to the Koreans, Koreans, Koreans, Koreans... Oh, by the way, guys, I want to talk about Loom, by the way, guys, because we were watching Loom and then I saw on Twitter, I'm sorry, that I missed it yesterday, I'm really, really sorry. But they're going to, I saw something about delisting this and I don't get it. Why? Why is Loom getting delisted? Why? What's the reason behind it? But the delisting of Upbit, look how strong Upbit is, guys. This is why we need really, you know, we need to take Upbit very seriously. Because look, this dump is just because they can delist that. Why? So that's why this thing is a no-go.

00:53:05
I tweeted about it just pretty directly after it, and I told you guys this is really a no-go. So let me check another one that I'm seeing also. This one. This one is the volume keeps hitting in, guys, so keep an eye on this one. It looks like they're not done yet, I don't know, I don't know it looks like it wants to, you know, you feel me, it wants to so uh, this is one of those coins, not interested in any short if you want to, if you want, I would only be looking for, for longs on this one as long as the, as the volume stays, so we had a nice call from Salsa, so shout out Salsa for this one, uh, it's safe

00:53:56
here, it is here, it is nice, nice, nice, so uh, we had this pump over here also, uh, Koreans by the way guys, Koreans are, Koreans are, Koreans are doing whatever it is they're doing but this is Korea so it's retracing a little bit over here so uh, what do I got more for you guys, what do I got, what do I got, what do I got, I need to show you guys. Ah, there we go. Oh, by the way, this is one of those coins that, you know, I'm going to probably trade also. Where is it? One minute. Where is it? Where are you? Where is it? Let me get it for you guys. Let me get it for you guys. So this is one of those coins that, you know, we already.

00:54:53
We already shorted it, but I think there's, you know, I think you can make some more gains on this one. See? Now this dumpy dumpy, you know. You see this? You see this was the rejection of the indicator, just like it was over here, Alpiman. You see this, Alpiman? Look at this, Alpiman. Put your glasses on, Alpiman. See this one? And now you get. You know? You know, Pima? Maybe. Maybe. Yes, maybe. Just saying. So, there's another one. Oh, what is this, guys? We need this gravity. What is this gravity, guys? This gravity. Gravity, gravity, gravity, gravity. Gravity. G-U-S-D-T. Let me see. Gravity. Is this gravity? I think this is gravity. Yes, this is gravity. What is this, guys? What's going on over here? Can someone explain what's going on over here? When you see those lines are probably shorter, this one but we're not looking for short now uh this is the Koreans let me give you this one and then we're going to close it down by the way, guys.

00:56:22
What is this? Okay. Okay. Looking good. Looking good. Looking good. Nothing bad. So look at this, guys. Are you seeing this? Looking bad. Looking bad. So bad. Oh, look at this, guys. Oh. Oh. So this was a nice retest, but then it dumped down. I hate that when that happens. You see this, guys? Injected. Rejected. Up. But if it doesn't hold the line over here, it means, in my opinion, that the bulls are a little bit not, you know. But either way, it's, you know, it's romping up. The Koreans are behind it. So maybe, just maybe, it's G. So look at this. And this thing is also super racked. So, you know, this is one of those coins that, you know. Those Koreans can pump up with 60, 70, 100, 200%. This is one of those coins. So keep an eye on G. Keep an eye on G, guys. Keep an eye on G. Could be. Could be. Could be. Could be a nice one. Do I got something else? No, I don't got anything else. So it's, you know, there's not a lot going on. I want to see Fart going, by the way. Where's my long ETF, by the way? Long ETF. How's my long ETF doing, by the way?

00:57:54
Fartcoin. Fartcoin. Where are you, Fartcoin? Ah, Fartcoin is going for the 130 again. That's what Fartcoin is doing. Fartcoin is holding the Indy on the daily beautifully. And then Fartcoin wants to go again. Basically, that's it. Not a lot interesting. coins going on suey by the way suey oh suey suey is doing what it's doing what do i got more whatever swarms swarms are still just swimming over here oh trump yes of course trump uh how's virtual doing by the way hmm virtual is one of those coins i think well it already did a retrace this retraces oh This retrace was massive. Ah, you know, this is really one of those, you know, I gave the call to short this, but it's, you know, I missed it. Oh, this was really a 32% dump.

00:58:55
I knew it. I gave the call to short this. I just don't remember to who I gave the call. I don't remember who it was, but I gave the call for this one to get shorter because this one, but it. It already did a 32%. That's just too much. So, let me see. Can you do a training course? Yes, there will be training courses about fundraising lists. Definitely. So we're ready for Trump. So looking for shorts. Use the indie pink. It's that easy up and down. Don't let them fool you. Check we become maxi exchange liquidation habit as you mentioned in the last stream um let me let me let me let me see let me see because um you know people somehow they just don't believe me or you know whatever it is but um look at this they're seeing this they're seeing this but i keep you know people they just don't want to believe me

01:00:08
you know i get it you know because they are you know even though they are with me here but they you know a lot of people have been scammed destroyed by a lot of influences out there so i mean it's normal if you're if you're if you're very cautious even if i would say so there's nothing wrong with that nothing there's another coin look at this you see so you are trading on maxi look maxi seeing this i've seen this look at this maxi look look what is it here it is 50 minutes five minutes since i did it in one minute that's how sick they are here this guys I understand, guys. I was, you have to understand, I was, my first partnership was with Maxi.

01:01:13
Why do you think it was with Maxi? Why? What's the reason? The reason was because they had the lowest fees. That's why I partnered up with them for the retail firm so they can trade without paying a lot of fees. But then I came to, then I find out that what they do is basically they offer you the lowest fees out there. This is how they make money. If you are trading on an exchange and, you know, I don't know, even you're not using a stop loss, because your stop loss could even not get hit on this one. That's even worse. That also happened with a lot of e-firmers by that time before I stopped my partnership. You have to understand that. Liquidate. What?

01:02:02
You just go to sleep on a position and your stop loss is like a 5, 10 times far away. You wake up, you're liquidated. Huh? How? Yeah, the price came down to this. Guys, I remember that time. I was getting DMs for like 10, 20 DMs a day. Listen, MW, we've been stop haunted. We've been liquidated. We've been this. And then I made a lot of noise with them. And then I just stopped whatever it is I was doing. This is how they make money. So I rather pay just average fees, just like on Loafing or Bitinex, than pay low fees. And then when they hit you, they hit you so hard. So it's pretty sick. Thank you for sharing, Akib. Yeah, VBT, Bob, it's not interesting. Just stay away from it. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Let me see. Let me see. Do I got something? I've seen this one. Yes, lazy bear. I was eyeing this one. I think A-I-O-T. Yes, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. This coin, yes. This is Oxo. Oxo.

01:03:27
Okay, let me use another chart because this chart says, I-E-O-T-U-S-T-T. Let me use this one, let me use this one. So, let's see, let's see, let's see. Yes, okay, of course, of course, of course, you're going to do this. Of course, you're going to make my life miserable. Okay. okay okay okay okay okay, you guys find one, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine. Okay let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see because I was eyeing this coin, basically I was eyeing it so I was already on it. Oh

01:04:25
Salsa, can you check the funding rates on this coin, please? Please, please, while I'm checking. Can you help me, please? We looked at it already. Sorry? We looked at it already a while back because it was also on volume. Yes, but this coin is, in my opinion, ready for a strike. I think it's ready for a strike. If you're really, really, really looking for a coin, I think that this is one of those coins that is ready for us. On Binance, they're positive. I think this coin needs my attention, to be honest. I'm going to be super honest with you. I think this coin needs a little bit of my attention because this is a new coin, right? Yes. Yes. Maybe it's worth looking up on this coin, I think. I think. I think we should look at it. What do you think, Salsa? What do you think? I'm looking at it. It's at the moment only listed on Binance, not on Bybit. So this is something that. It's not listed on Bybit. So that's dangerous, right? Exactly. That's what I would say. But it is on Binance. Yes. Okay.

01:05:48
So let me tell you what I think. Let me tell you what I think. What I think is, I don’t know what this coin is. I don’t know what they’re doing. The only thing I know is that the market cap is super low. So, they can push this coin up very fast. So, this makes this coin super, super dangerous. Because this is the big danger. So, if you want to understand what the danger is in shorting this, it’s the market cap is too low. Because you have to see it like this: if those market makers will find enough shorts opened, it only takes them change money to liquidate or to wreck because they can push this thing up another 200, 300, 400 out of nothing; they don’t even need a lot of money for it.

01:06:35
So, be very careful. So if you, by the way, guys, this is, in my opinion, just one big policy scheme. So I would be super interested in shorting the crap out of this one, but it's too dangerous. So if you're going to short this one, use the Indy, do it on a low amount, low amounts, small amounts, play money. So don't do it on big amounts. But I think that this thing is ready to, you know, you know. Come back. Come back. A little bit back. Come a little bit back. Make a drop of like 20, 30 percent or whatever. Whatever. I think that's it. I think that's it. Okay, guys. I really love you guys. We're going to see what Trump is going to do.

01:07:28
Maybe it's going to, you know, get this last bump up and then a dump down. I don't know how big his news is, but this guy's full of crap. Take it with you know like we say in Dutch: take it with a grain of salt, so just prepare – I'm gonna prepare myself for some uh juicy shorts. Um, so how are things running here? Okay, so us 500 is just looking to break this level here, uh, so let's see, let's see, let's see what's wrong, Trump! We got like two hours to go. So, guys, so be prepared for that one trade – the Indy. And, well, you know, it's a little bit disappointing to me, to be honest. You know, I expected to find more FOMO coins, but there aren't a lot of FOMO coins available.

01:08:17
You know, this is, you know, with dominance dropping, I would, you know, I would really think that there are a lot of FOMO coins out there. There aren't. Let me see. When I look at, you know, there is one. There is one other. I want to, but, you know, this thing just moves when, you know, when ETH moves, this thing moves. It's that simple. That's this meme coin, Marg. You have to just keep in mind that, you know, when, you know, when, when, when, when, when Bitcoin, when ETH moves, Marg moves. So let me show you guys Marg. Why not? Marg. Let me show you guys Mark. You know, I'm looking for a juicy one. I'm not seeing for maybe later. I'll share it on Twitter. Look at Mark. Mark.

01:09:10
Look, Mark. Mark is editing. By the way, guys, I destroyed Mark. For the ones that don't know it, I really destroyed Mark. I destroyed Mark from here. I just totally destroyed Mark. If you think that I destroyed Leia, I didn’t destroy Leia. I destroyed Mark. You know, meme coins. I destroyed meme coins. I just destroyed my account; it goes to zero, but this thing is breaking out. But this is really easy guys. This is just if this is if Mark is built, I think on the yeah it's, I know it almost sure this thing is built on the East chain so this is just Eath and well let's see let's see let's see, Mark is also one you have to keep an eye on this thing ramps up more, yeah it's no short for me over here but keep in mind that, but there are not a lot of coins.

01:09:59
It's also you want you want to show us a coin well basically all memes are pumping at the moment if you look at the top gainers, there's a lot of memes there. I don't think Mark is pumping the most yeah Penguin is also uh looking yeah it's probably a lot of volume compared yeah it probably is also related on the easiest thing I don't know but I think it's all It's those ETH-related coins that pump the hardest. But it's, let's say, they're doing good. They're doing good. Everything's going great. So let's just see what the next step is. Let's first of all watch what these freaks are going to do. Let's see what Trump is going to release. There's this BS news, whatever. Let's see how the markets will react to it.

01:10:46
So for me, it's very simple, just like I explained in the beginning. For me, it's now over here. And let's just say that I think that we're going to get a rejection. I think that we're going to get a rejection. We're going to get a rejection. Let's see if the wheels on Bitcoin can liquidate some greedy shorts around the 100K levels. But either way, I think that there is when that's when the reversal will slowly come in. That's what I think. So I think that the shorts from now in about two hours, I think that several shorts will hit. and i think that the gains will come from those that's what i'm eyeing now

01:11:24
okay i gotta close it up thanks all for watching have a nice one and uh i don't know for sure if i'm able to do because normally i do my live streams monday wednesday uh friday so now i did monday tuesday thursday so i don't know if i'm gonna do one tomorrow uh but i'll definitely if i don't do it tomorrow it'll get an extra one in the weekend definitely get an extra one in the weekend because i have to see how the marks will close tomorrow because um if this thing will start if this thing will this thing what is it if this thing will start where are you are you are this one if this thing will start dumping we have to make a lot of money in altcoins it's that simple so have a nice one thanks for watching guys have a nice one and bye-bye.
*** Live Stream 05-10-2025 Trump Pumping Crypto ! *** 

00:03:33
Good morning, can you hear me now guys? Good morning! Good morning! Can you hear me? Let me know in the chat if you can hear me, guys. Let me know in the chat if you can hear me. Here now. Okay, I'm sorry, guys. I'm sorry, guys. You know, someone has been playing around with my, you know. He's asking, okay, good morning, good morning, good morning. How's everyone doing? What do I got over here? So, I highlighted this. I don't know who he is, playing digital. Never heard of him, by the way. But Altcoin Genes, Zoo Park, Zachanumadoc here. We got Tran. We got, well, playing digital. So, I'm going to give you some stage. Do you know why I'm giving you stage? Because it's a lot of time that you're going to get this stage.

00:04:21
It's the last time that you're going to get it. So we've got Lars. We've got Tren. We've got Sleepy Time. We've got Mark. We've got Tren. We've got Lead Medic. Pip. Kieran. Richard. What have we got? Christian. We've got Nicholas. I know it's very early, guys. I know that most of the RetoFund members are sleeping. But, you know, I don't have time later today because I wasn't going to do live stream at all today. But I think based on what Trump did yesterday in the markets and a lot of crypto popping up, I think, yeah. I need to do this live stream. You know, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to remember what I'm, you have to, you have to understand this.

00:04:57
When you need me the most, I'm always here. You know, I never hide. I never, I'm always here. You know, when needed most, when everything is fine, that's when you will not hear something from me. That's just it. So we've got Richard, we've got Christian, what do we got? What do we got? We've got Josh, we've got Yasin, what do we got? What do we got? We've got Clinton. Okay. What do we got? We got Josh. What do we got? What do we got? We got Kira. We got Matic. What do I got? What do I got? More. Yes, yes, yes. L. No sleep. Crypto Fury. Good morning. Good morning, guys. So first of all, let me see this plain digital. Hey, man, I was asking last year about XRP.

00:05:40
You checked it with your Indian tool. It will go down like hell. That's something I would never say. So first of all, you're lying here. It's just a big lie because I know that I will never say something like this. I know that I said it about Laird and Bera and a lot of other coins that I'm chase trading, but I would never say this about XRP. I know I won't. I closed my position and fixed my losses. I've lost around 2. 5K. Thank you. So with this guy, guys, you have to see it like this. That's all just, you know, that's all just, you have to see it like this. You have people in the world. They want to become rich trading, but they don't know how to trade.

00:06:24
So I don't know. I don't even know who this is, but he was in XRP trade. So first of all, I will never, ever, ever tell you to go in a trade or to go out of trade or to whatever. I never answer these questions because I only tell you what I do. I tell what I do. I will never tell you what you should do. So, that's number one, so this guy, I don't know, he's you know, this is one of those many by the way, I blocked also some other retail fund members unfortunately today, but it's you know, the problem is with these guys is, is they are so emotional, sensitive when markets go up and they're not in it, oh we lost that, we missed the train, they think that the train and the rocket has You know, they're listening to Trump when he said, yes, the rocket is going off and they didn't take the trade.

00:07:20
And oh, and then they get emotional. They get on tilt and then they lose everything, they lose themselves, emotions, et cetera. First of all, people like that, I cannot help you. And let me give you one guarantee, one billion percent guarantee. You guys will stay wrecked the rest of your lives. You will never, ever, ever be successful in whatever it is that you're doing. So that's number one. So I will definitely not be able to help you. So what does that mean? It means that it also has, there is zero reason to join my live streams or to join or to watch, be educated by me or whatever. It has that because you guys are hearing me, but you're not listening to me. And every.

00:08:12
I sold it myself and based on your opinion, let me tell you this-um first of all, Mr. Plan Digital, I don't know who you are, I don't know what you're doing here, but based on if you look at my opinion, my opinion will never be that it will go down or up because we don't know that nobody knows it; the only thing that we do is analyze it day by day, but the the fact that you're pointing fingers means that I have to block you forever. So, you will never be welcome to Twitter, to YouTube, whatever. So, my thing to say to you is, have a nice day. Stay wrecked the rest of your life because you should never. This is the last advice that I'm going to give you now in this live chat.

00:08:57
My advice is: never, ever blame someone for your own failures; never, and you should also never, ever do something. Because of what someone else is saying, I didn't tell you to sell your XRP, by the way. But if even if someone would tell you, listen: you have to buy it, you have to sell it, so just don't do that. Don't do that. That's the only advice I'm gonna give you, but I have to I have to ban you forever, so have a nice day. Okay, well this guy's gone now, and guys, it's not you know. It's not that I want to do something like this, but, you know, I don't have any choice because these people like this will not, for me; I don't give a crap about it.

00:09:44
So, a lot of people like that. But, you know, people like this are exactly the people that, you know, that will ruin and distract the good people that are trading themselves, that are making money, that want to do better, et cetera, et cetera. They are blocking them because this is destruction to anyone. So I will block you, Josh. I'm going to be super honest with you. I block anyone. I don't care if my own mother would be in the live chat and she is doing something to distract others or to get us off the path of education and to make money. I will block her. I don't care who you are. Even if I know you like a million years, I don't care. I will block you. You know why?

00:10:36
Because I've got a mission and my mission is more important than anyone. So anyone that comes in my way, I will block him. It's that simple because if I would give people space to bring in distractions and these kinds of things, it's, you know. I don't have the time for that. So I will block you. I will block you. I will definitely block you, bro. I will definitely block you. If I see someone distracting whatever it is I'm doing, I'm going to block him. It's that simple. So it's just that simple. So, Josh, I really hope. And it's not about making a mistake. Everyone can make a mistake. We are all humans. So everyone makes a mistake. I make a mistake. Everyone makes a mistake. But it's not about that.

00:11:24
It's about what kind of mistake you make. Because the moment that you start pointing fingers to another, and, you know, this guy is talking about XRP. I really have no clue what he's talking about. I really mean it. I really have no clue what he's talking about. I don't even remember it. What is he talking about? I don't know. Why isn't he talking about, oh, listen, MW, I made 250K shorting layer. No, you don't hear that. But he's talking about XRP. I don't even remember. You know, if you would tell me, listen, you said, because I will never, ever say or tell you what to do. Never. But if you would say, listen, MW, your opinion was that you were shorting layer. You said you made it a stable coin and you have put all your money in it.

00:12:09
And you are so you just said it openly on Twitter like a million, zillion times. You said that you are going to destroy Layer. OK, so suppose that he would say that. A layer would be up. Then I can say, okay, I said that. This is what I said. I know that I said this. I've got you guys in the courtroom to witness that I said this over and over again. But he's talking about this. I don't even remember that. What is he talking about? And then, you know, he comes into my live chat while I'm trying to do a market update or whatever. Then he comes into my live chat to tell me to blame me. So he's blaming me. For his own failures.

00:12:52
This is, if you want to see me mad, because I'm pretty calm now, but if you want to see me angry, do that. Blame another, and it's not about me. Even if he would say, listen, Janice, you told me to buy Bitcoin at that level and I lost like 3K because of you. I'll block him also. Never, ever, ever, ever. Blame someone else for your own failures. Just don't. Because you are a loser. You know? Because these type of people remind me of the ones that are, you know, that are in the comments of these big shilling accounts, you know, like Alex Becker or whatever, telling them always, okay, listen, buy here, buy here, and then I get wrecked. But Becker, you told me to buy here and I'm wrecked now. It's not the fault of Becker. It's your fault. Why are you listening to that guy? Why did you do what he said? Only blame yourself for your failures, never blame anyone else, because the moment you do that, you're a loser. It's that simple.

00:14:04
I don't even know what XRP is. What is XRP? I know that XRP, by the way, for this loser I'm saying like for the past live stream, XRP is number one volume coin on Upbit. Number one. It's number one. So, you know, because I don't even know where is XRP. Let me check XRP. Where is XRP? XRP is number one coin on Upbit. It's the highest volume is there.

00:14:46
So he told me, I told him to sell XRP. Why would I say that he should have? Over here. I think over here, yes. Probably, maybe, maybe. I don't remember. I'm just guessing. So over here we had XRP losing the Daily Indie. Bearish, bearish, bearish. And this is bearish. Nothing changed, my friend. This is a very good lesson to all of you guys. Listen up. Because. Oh my god, listen, this is bearish; this is bearish, so forget about this scandal, just forget about it, so this over here is bearish, bearish, bearish, boom down, and then you get Mr. Trump yesterday openly saying to the whole world, 'listen', go out there and go buy some stocks! First of all, I've never seen something like this. Never, ever, ever. I've seen someone doing something.

00:15:44
I've never, never, ever seen a president openly saying to people, 'go out there, buy stocks', because they will rock it up. I've never, ever, ever seen that. And also, me as an analyst, I don't have any grip on that, if that happens. There's a narrative that happens. I don't know that. How do I know that Trump is going to say that? Because the charts are showing me that this, XRP, for example, is better. So then you've got Trump saying, 'okay', go out there and just buy everything up. So, okay. So this is, we're going to talk about that in a moment, by the way, on the charts. But then people will start buying whatever. Anyone who has got some money starts buying. So they will also buy XRP.

00:16:27
By the way, XRP, this bump, I think most of this is just bots. Because, you know, the big coins like Ethereum, like XRP, like Solana, et cetera, most of the price section that you see on the charts are bots. They're not real people. And what happens is, you know, when Bitcoin goes up, those bots automatically get triggered and they start buying XRP, Ethereum, Solana. VeChain is also one of those, by the way. So they start buying those assets. It goes automatically. So there is a big bag of money. It's all those accounts, those bots, you know, they just go with the flow. So I'm just, I'm just, you know, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I think, I don't know for sure, because this plane, whoever he is, because yesterday Mr. Trump did whatever it is that he did and the markets went up, he's blaming me for that.

00:17:38
You know, $2. 5K you lost. That's my fault. My fault that you lost $2. 5K. I hope you'll lose 250K. You know, these people are just so, so, so bad from inside. You know, just keep in mind, guys, if you want to grow as a trader, that's also why I tweeted in the morning. People are weak. People are weak. You know, I can get it right a million times on a row. If the President of the United States says, 'Okay, go buy some stocks,' the markets pump, and, you know, I'm bearish. Let's say just I'm bearish based on the facts. So these are facts. I'm bearish. And then the President of the United States starts saying, 'Oh, let's go, everyone go out there and go buy some stocks.' And the markets go up.

00:18:29
And then. You know, you can do things a million times, right? And it's not even my fault. It's, you know, the President decided to do that. So, if you got some, you know, if you got some healthy brain cells in your head, you know, okay, well, if I'm any short, I should be careful. He also, MW showed us yesterday, UCT dominance was dropping. He was telling us that there was a little bit of buying. Pressure there are some liquidations going on above the 100k okay I have to be cautious here and we were just waiting and I just tweeted also yesterday I cannot find one single altcoin to short, one single, I couldn't find it, I was checking all the charts, and this was before Trump and this was before the pump, I couldn’t find one single altcoin for short, I just couldn’t find it, and there was a reason why I couldn’t find it.

00:19:24
There was a, it's, you know, I don't choose an alt counter shorted because I just feel like shorting it. No, there just ain't no alt counter short at that moment. But either way. So, and then you got something like this happen and then you got something like, oh, well, it's very easy. Let me blame someone else for it. Who's the most obvious one? Let's blame MW. It's very simple. The only thing is, first of all, you have to, for yourself, not even for me, don't care about me or whoever for yourself. Never, ever, ever blame someone. Never, never. It's the most lowest thing you can do. The lowest thing you can do. Even suppose that you're following some shill who is telling you, 'Listen, you have to buy now this or some signal group and you're going to lose money after it.' Don't blame that person.

00:20:17
Blame yourself. Blame yourself for doing that. Don't blame anyone else. But, you know, I don't even remember. I don't even know what is. But now that I get it back, I still stand by my point that this is bearish. That's it. This is bearish. And, you know, you got some other guys. But the market's pumped and you lost money. Bro, how did I lose money? I didn't lose any money. I lost potential gains. That's how you could see it. I didn’t lose any money. I can jump into any trade. Does this look like I'm losing some money? I'm not losing money. I made a big bag of money. But every move made on the markets, you know, crypto has to make another. Let's just say Bitcoin and the altcoins need to make another.

00:21:13
Let's just say Bitcoin needs to go to 250K and altcoins need to make another, let's just say 80, 90%. Or double. That's when maybe they will come close to what I made on this trade. I'm in no rush. Easy. Okay. Altcoins are going up. Calm down. You cannot control it. If Trump decides, together with his friends, by the way, because it was, by the way, an orchestrated pump, by the way. It was all orchestrated. I've been analyzing this all night long. I haven't slept a lot. So, because I just needed to figure out, because forget about these cockroaches and forget about these uneducated people. Forget about them. Let's get into some alpha. I keep breaking my, cracking my head. What's going on? What's the plan here? What are they doing?

00:22:11
Trump and what is Powell doing? What's going on there? There is something. He's doing something. And I just couldn't find it. I already told you that I couldn't find it. But I think I found it yesterday because I connected the dots. You know, it was basically I shared it with you directly. And when I shared it with you, there was one guy, yeah, so what do I need to do next? And there was another guy, ha, ha, ha. What's so funny about it, bro? I'm sharing something super important that maybe nobody will tell you ever. And you're laughing. What's funny about it? I don't understand these people. Instead of reading what's out there, thinking about it and acting on it to change your freaking life financially. No. So what do we do next?

00:23:05
What should I do next? Another one. What's so funny about it? Yeah, I just don't get it. I just don't get it. Oh, for me, it was very simple. Block, block. So, okay, Mr. Kool Kool Khan, here, Mr. Kool Kool Khan, you're banned also. Don't ever tell me what I do, what I say, and when I say it. Even if you meant it good, I don't care about it. Don't tell me what to do. I talk about whatever it is that I want to talk about. And if you don't like it, you just unsubscribe and move on. So you're blocked also. Never tell me what to do. I hate it when people tell me what to say or not to say. So your ban is also. Next one. Who's next?

00:23:52
Don't ever tell me what I should say or what I say. If I feel like talking an hour about this loser, I will talk about him for an hour. And if you don't like it, move on. And, you know, although I'm getting angry, I will not swear. I will not swear. But never, ever tell me what to do. Like, I will never, ever tell you what you should do. Because if you feel like watching this, you watch. If you don't feel like watching it. You just click it out put your TV out or whatever just move on if you don't like my content you just unsubscribe it's that simple but don't tell me what i should do don't never ever tell me what i should do don't tell me what i should do don't tell me what i should i hate it when someone tells me what mw just just do this don't tell me what to do i'm a free man just like you guys are free everyone is free so

00:24:42
you can say you can say what i can ask questions etc but never ever tell me what i should do while i'm doing it so if i feel like talking about something i talk about it and if it wasn't important because as dumb as these people are if it wasn't important for you guys i wouldn't talk about it because there is a message i'm i'm making a message of this person for you to get the healthy mindset because he's not the only one. There are more of you guys. And this one that I just banned also, he's also sensitive because he's now, I know how it is. I know exactly how it is. These people are not in here for the education. These people are hungry for it.

00:25:25
Oh, I need to make money. Oh, I need to make a toy. What should I do? Should I long? Should I short? Should I do this? This is people are tinkling. You know, they're shaking. You see, when someone is used to taking heroin and cocaine shots, and you know he doesn't get his cocaine shot for like a day-that's how people are. Oh, forget about the closer. Just tell me, tell me, tell me. Should I be long? Are we bearish? Are we bullish? Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. For these losers, you know. This is what makes me so freaking angry because listen-everyone that's in here, you guys all know, you guys all know, you guys all know. I educate you. You guys how to trade.

00:26:07
I educate you guys how to make freaking money. I tweeted about this in the morning. Look at this! Look at this! Look at this! Okay, so you don't even have to use... yesterday we talked about ETH breaking out. ETH BTC showing power. I showed you that Bitcoin dominance was was getting bearish, etc., etc. Okay, you've been educated for this-at least if you watch the leverage trading course vids. Look at this! Just look at this! Just look at this! I'm giving you a big bag of money. I just gave you guys a big bag of money. Here, you want an ATM? You want money? Here's the money. Just take it. The only thing that you have to do, you have to go put in your card, put in your code, and get the cash out.

00:26:46
I'm giving you all the freaking tools you need for that. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Okay. So Trump is getting, you know, buy stocks, buy whatever, and ETH is getting momentum. Okay, so I'm bullish on ETH. I run bullish on ETH. Okay, let's go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Long, long. Boom, boom, boom, boom, long. It didn't even break the five minutes. Okay, there we go. Long, boom, long, long, boom, boom, long, long. You could even go in over here, over here. Boom, long, boom, long, long, long, boom, boom, boom, long, long, long, boom, boom, boom, long, long. Did you see, do you see why this indicator is the best indicator in the world? Do you also understand what I'm telling you a lot of times?

00:27:23
Listen guys, this indicator works best when FOMO hits in. You know, it's either when it comes down, some FUD comes in, then it works best. And it also works best on FOMO. So when Trump doesn't go by, he's gaining momentum. And I already prepared you guys. This will, by the way, happen on a lot of altcoins. On a lot of altcoins. A lot of altcoins. I already said it. But when it is, just go in. Go in. Like over here. Suppose that you went over here. You made a lot of money. Just add to your position. Don't be afraid. So let me let's just say this so you've got like a $100,000 portfolio you came into this trade you made a lot of money over and with your $100,000 portfolio you just put in like $30,000 let's say you put it 30k away when it comes in here over add another 30.

00:28:12
What what are you saying I'm done yes add another 30 that's what I would do add another 30. But you know what are you saying yes add that another 30. Okay there you go there you go it comes over here add another 30. What yes add another 30. You know why why am I saying add another 30 because now you add a 30 30 30 you're over here at 90. Why because you already made a lot so your portfolio already is in huge gains and what you do is is very simple because if you would add another 30 over here only this is your this this is the risk you're taking this one because if it closes below it you're out And you're still in huge gains.

00:28:54
But if you catch it, what happens a lot of times when the FOMO hits in, you are in with your 90K. And if this thing goes over here, you see that your portfolio is on a 3X, 4X in one single trade. So the risk is minimum, but the gains are huge. So this is what you want me to talk about? I just don't get it. I just don't get it. And then you got some loser coming in. Well, he chose the right timing, by the way, this loser. And then, you know, yeah, well, you know, I lost two and a half K because of you. What? Because of me? Why? Yeah, well, you gave your so you asked me for my opinion and then you're going to wait it out.

00:29:42
If it works out, you're silent about it. And if it doesn't work out, yeah, well, I lost money because of you. This is really the lowest of the lowest of the lowest people available. I think these guys are even worse than cockroaches. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Okay, so let me now explain it to something else. So the momentum is really hitting in very fast over here. So over here, this was the first one. This was the test, okay? But something very important on this chart is that the 15 also is closing in. I've seen this because the 15 is also pushing. So this is willpower. This is really a big, big bump, by the way, guys. But, you know, because this is something people will not tell you.

00:30:34
Because I've been saying now for weeks, if not months, listen, guys, you're going to have to flip your Bitcoin into ETH. I know that you see all those look on chain posts. You see all those. Like Uncle Ren, everyone telling you ETH is dead, ETH is dead, ETH is dead, ETH is this, ETH is that. Everyone's telling you that. What have I been saying for weeks, months? I'm telling you, you have to flip your money into ETH. ETH is where, when the rise comes, that is the one that will pump much harder. I've said it a lot of times. But you know, yeah. Will someone tell AMW, listen, I don't do fiat, I don't do fiat, and I just only have Bitcoin. I watched your live stream several times.

00:31:26
You talked about it. You know what I did? I just flipped like half of my portfolio of Bitcoin into ETH, and I just made 22% yesterday in gains. Will someone tell you that? No. I'll tell you that. You need to tell me, by the way, also, because let's be clear that I will never, ever. ever ever ever ever ever take ask you to give me credits about the trade you took never there's a reason for that because you know in trading there's always you know it's two ways things could go south things go north so i don't need you to tell me listen mw look look look how great you you made me make it i've made a lot of money i don't need it you know if i would you know

00:32:16
when i talk about for example when i talk for example about layer when i talk about layer when i talk about layer and i you know i i i just destroy this thing i just i you know there's nothing i made more i made more noise about the layer nothing i think layers the one that made the maze noise about it if i tell you that i made it into stablecoin and i just 25 my trading portfolio 25x that's me i'm talking about myself or my i talk about myself or i talk about my team That's what I talk about. Talk about nobody else. So if, for example, the read the file member one, you know, if someone DMs me, tells me, MW, I made a lot of congrats. Don't thank me.

00:32:57
That's my answer. Don't thank me. Be proud of yourself. It's you did that, not me. I didn't do it. I just showed you what I was doing. So that you did it, all credits go to you. So keep that in mind, guys. So I don't need that. So let me go back to DS5. So this, so. I've been thinking about it all night long, what’s going on over there, what’s what’s the plan here, what’s Trump doing? But you know, the circle gets connected, the dots have been connected and I see it now, I know what they’re doing. What they’re doing is very simple; it was it was so obvious. Also, you know what they’re doing is they are Powell is defending the US dollar because I know that for the ones that have been watching his interview, whatever, I’ve been listening to him and whatever it is that he said.

00:34:01
For me, it’s basically just one thing. He’s defending the US dollar. That’s what he said. Because you could skip all those journalists. You could skip everything they're asking him. You could skip everything he says. He could just come out there, take the mic. I will do whatever it is to defend the US dollar. And then he can go home again. Because that's basically it, what he said. But you have to see it. You have to see it like this.

00:34:32
Just notice we're live. Bro, or bro, sorry, Marissa. Marissa, it's very simple. I share it on Telegram. So your notification on Telegram. I share it on Patreon. And I also extra share it on Twitter. So I'm sharing it on three platforms before I'm going live. And I think, so I don't know, or you have to give me your telephone number, WhatsApp, and our app. I'm sharing it on three platforms. I don't know how much more to do. So basically what's going on over here is, so we've got Pavel. Paul is just defending the US dollar. So it's, you know, it's bad cop, good cop. And it's very smart. You know, that's, you know, it was like 3 a. m., you know, and I just saw it. Okay, now I'm understanding what they're doing.

00:35:21
You know, it's very simple. So you got good cop, bad cop. Because, you know, you see this hate between Trump and Powell. I don't believe it. I just don't believe it. I think, you know, I think this and it's a masterpiece, by the way. So it's in my opinion, it's really a masterpiece what they're doing, because it's very, very smart what they're doing. So you got one is defending the US dollar. And the other one is, is because if the US dollar would be very, very strong, the stocks will, you know, especially with the terror force and etc. The stocks could dump down very hard. So what are we going to do? We're going to act as if we are good cop, bad cop, and then we're enemies, and you defend the US dollar, and I will make sure that I will feed the people greed to keep buying the stocks so they will not dump them.

00:36:15
That's what's going on over here. That's what they're doing in the United States. For now, it's working. For now. For now. Because you have to keep in mind, because I know not a lot of people are not talking about this. You do you. I do me. There is. A possible nuclear war could escalate in maybe today, tomorrow, or next week. So I don't know if you guys are, nobody's, you know, I don't think a lot of people are talking about this, but there are two nuclear powers fighting each other as we speak. So I just, I don't know if someone is noticing this, but let's hope that they will settle this down as soon as possible before there is no way back. So. It's like, you know, people said, we're going to talk about that war in a moment. So we've got Russia and China meeting yesterday also at the same day because the timing was very good. We have a new pope. Oh, my God.

00:37:29
Let's see. Let me do it again. Let me do it again. So we have a new pope. We had Trump telling people openly, 'Go outside there.' It's like you know, it's like you know, it remembered me like you know, there is some outlet store of Nike or whatever, you know, everything, 80%, some Black Friday, you know, everything for 80% discount. Because that's how it sounded like. Well, the stocks are at all-time high levels. But he did it. So this is the power of Trump. So I love the guy, by the way. But he just said, you know what? Just go out there. Go buy yourself some stocks. You're going to buy them at premium levels, all-time high levels. And I don't care about that. Just go buy them.

00:38:14
So that's what happened yesterday. So we had the Pope. We had Trump telling people, just go outside there and go out there and go because everything is going to rock it up. Because you have to keep in mind this, by the way, guys. He could be right about stocks going to rock it up. But maybe they're going to dump 80% first before they're going to rock it up. And he would still be right. Because you have to understand. But that's why I also told you yesterday, is this financial advice? What he said. Is that financial advice? Because you have to see it like this. If I was going to say, okay, listen, guys, this altcoin is going to the moon. It's going to make a 5x. Okay.

00:38:57
And we are over here, and this is the 5x. Yes? Okay. So you guys, okay, MW, we're going to follow you. But you're buying over here. You're buying over here. And then this thing does like this, and then does like this. I'm still right. I wasn't wrong. When I told you that it was going to rock it up. I wasn't wrong. It's still true. But it doesn't mean that this thing couldn't dumb down. And then you got someone, yeah, well, but I'm W, but I got liquidated and then it went up. I didn't tell you to put your liquidation levels very near or over here. I didn't tell you to leverage trade. I just told you that this thing will rock it up, and it did. So I was right.

00:39:41
I didn't lie about it. you know i can talk about this like you know for for hours and hours and hours and i don't think that many of you guys will honestly understand what i'm talking about but i'm trying my best to get into your mind but let's just say for me it's clear now what trump is doing with powers it's just this is just and then you also have these you know this part these trump friends uh crypto related friends because you know they know what daddy's gonna do they know what daddy's gonna say so they were prepared for this they were prepared for this and they acted on it and when they acted on it and then it was like you know like a snowball effect boom boom boom it went up so uh for the ones for the for the for the ones that let me tell you this so for example eth let me give you eth for example you see you see this because

00:40:37
By the way, that loser that has gotten banned, if you would ask me how was ETH looking here, I would tell you ETH is looking super bullish. Look, look, look. Because when you see like this above the Indy, this is super bullish. But if ETH would pump up like this, like many coins did, by the way, like I told you, I've been telling you, you know, I've been basically. If I would just go back in time, past weeks, I've been telling you into you know, I told all of you guys, you have to watch all those altcoins, they're breaking above the indicator, they're gonna get back into the indicator and then they can pop up very hard.

00:41:19
I've said it like a zillion times, and this is one of those look at this, this is one of those examples where exactly pop up if I would say it's bullish, but if you would be very big in here, would you tell me, would you make a comment, you wouldn't so okay. So if but if let me get back to the story if when this bump happens, it goes very fast, guys, it doesn't give you any time to join them. You know, if you are very, you know, on the charts, you're seeing on a five minutes, you just, okay, wait a minute. The phone was hitting. Okay, I'm going in just like explained then. Okay. You can make a lot of money, but people that are busy or, you know, people that are, you know, a lot on the charts, they cannot catch this move.

00:42:13
They cannot catch this move goes very fast, but even if, so this is when you see a bump like this, this is organized. This orchestrated, don't think that this thing, oh no, there's a lot of things happened before this pump happened. This was all organized and you know, then you know, you see when it was at 3k and all the influencers were telling you, 'organized and orchestrated to buy ETH at 3k.' Yeah, let me show, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure here here it was. It's still here, this over here, you remember that what happened after it? Look at this, you see this, he's dumped like crazy and they orchestrated told you to buy it. Why didn't they let's just say they follow on will killer.

00:43:09
They have his the best indicator in the markets, in my opinion, and then they have this why didn't they? All say over here, guys, you should all buy ETH now. See, why? Why didn't they, you know, why wasn't like, you know, just like, you know, that Helena Vid, buy ETH, buy ETH, buy ETH, buy. Why didn't we see that over here? Especially when ETH was, you know, a lot of, you know, pretty wealthy people in the world, they always ask me, should we buy ETH? My answer was very clear past weeks. I say, yes. Should we buy? Yes. DCA start buying it. If it goes to the box, 12,000, just buy ETH. I'm buying ETH. If it goes back, I'm buying. It's even on the long ETF. It's awesome.

00:44:04
Why don't they tell you to buy ETH here? But they do tell you to buy ETH at 3K. The moment you can understand the answer to this question is the moment that you wake up. Oh, wait a minute. Okay. So this is how it works. And then let's go to the next step. So you miss this thing. Okay, you miss this pump of heat. Okay. Are you going to cry about it? No, that's not how I trained you. If you miss a pump, I don't care even if they would all go like pumps like this. And I missed it. I'm not in. Because why? Because I was bearish. Okay. But why did they pump you? There's a narrative, Mr. Trump, telling people, go outside and buy. I keep laughing about this. It doesn't make any sense into my head. The President of the United States saying openly, guys, go out there, buy yourself some stocks because they're going to rock it up. Guys, just think about this for a moment.

00:45:22
But also the way that he said it, just go out there and buy yourself some stocks. I just don't get it. I just don't understand. Maybe you guys, have you guys ever seen something? I've never, ever seen something like this. Never, never in my whole life. Seen a President, and this is especially the President of the United States, just go out there and buy yourself some stocks. I don't know. I don't, I do, I do, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. So basically, why am I saying this? So even if I missed a pump or miss, I don't care about it. You know why? First of all, I'm not buying; I'm not buying at FOMO levels, and I'm not talking about crypto because crypto-a lot of coins are you know?

00:46:10
You remember the video I made like two weeks ago? I told you: listen, I think that crypto. I think that you should flip bullish on crypto because I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto. Basically, from that day, crypto never came back. From that day, it wasn't a Monday. I remember it very well. I told you, listen, guys, I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto because stocks and this and that and gold is too expensive. I thought from that day, crypto never came back. But forget about that one. So if I miss this, bro, I'm in cash. I've got a lot of cash. I'm going to trade it. Okay okay bro, so you wanted me pumped on this thing, okay I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait, it's so bad I'm gonna wait-this is for example some resistance.

00:46:57
Okay okay okay, so my investment bag for example didn't get hit, let's say that you're a spot back, okay no problem. So I'm gonna trade this thing, I'm gonna use my indie, I'm gonna put it on a 5x, why not 5x? You know what it means, 5x-let me tell you what 5x means, that's the beauty, that's the beauty of, that's the beauty of leverage trading. So this thing came up with $25, 5x means that I only have to make five percent, that's it. So I'm gonna wait indicator resistance, I only need to make five percent down, so what is five percent down? Five percent down suppose that I would enter over here at $22. 80, five percent down, so it means that this coin or if it needs only to come back to $21.

00:47:48
55-this is only on a 5x, guys! And then I made just as much money on a spot back from here to here, that's how I think as a trader. So why am I explaining this? You should be immune in your head and in your emotions about price action. When you see price, you know. It was also that post. What was that tweet? I tweeted something very important. Tweeted something very important. I tweeted something. My tweets are sometimes a little bit crazy, but most of my tweets, there's always, always a lot of alpha behind it. A lot of it behind it. Where is it? What did I say? Yeah, over here. When markets dump and you're out, you feel comfortable so over here, suppose that you know over you didn't short this well, that's your loss, whatever.

00:48:47
But you did for example, you didn't short it while I was making so much noise about it, but I told you I'm gonna short it, but suppose that you didn’t short this, okay? You didn’t short this, so meaning that you didn’t make any money, but you also are out of the markets. So, While you're not shorting and you're out of the markets, this thing is going down, down, down. You feel comfortable. I feel great. Yes. Okay. But then when markets bump and you're out, you get on tilt. You lose your mind. You lose your emotions. Oh, I lost. I missed the train, I missed the rocket sign. You are an amateur. If that's the feeling, if that is the feeling that comes into your body, into your head, you are an amateur.

00:49:48
And you are made to get wrecked. Because if you don't want to miss on any bumps like this, you should have bought with me when I was buying over here, or you should have bought with me over here when I was buying over here. Or you should from I don't care when if you did if you sold your bag over here, you start DCA buying; you buy here, you buy here, you buy here, you buy here, it's just because why we're reaching low levels so if a pump happens, you're always in; how I say this, I'm a trader, I'm an investor and I explained you why I'm a trader, I'm 80% trader; why am I traded?

00:50:29
Because every move on a spotback made I can make that money in two hours using just 5x; I don't i have no time for this spot back for me, whatever I can make that like this, I hope, I really I really hope and you know, you know, you know, you know what the bad story is. You know, I just made, I just made the trade of the year. What is it? Over here. I made the trade of the year over here. And this was just, this is still running, by the way, look at it. And then at the same time, I'm fighting cockroaches and I'm explaining people how to trade and how to invest in crypto; it's really mind-blowing. I just made the trade of the year.

00:51:41
By the way, I made a lot of mind-blowing trades. Instead of people, I just don't get it. Then people are talking, I missed the bubble. It went up by 20%. I sold my XRP. Because if you surrender yourself, now comes the most important part. So this guy, let me get back to this guy so I can annoy more people in this stream today. Because, you know, everything I'm saying about this guy is also about you. But somehow you guys don't understand that. It's about you also. Because I know that many of you guys have the same feeling. And that's why I'm taking him as an example. So at least. The fact that he has gotten banned, at least we have to give it a meaning, you know, that it wasn't for nothing.

00:52:40
Listen, guys. Now comes the most important part. If he sold his bag over here. By the way, I already had no clue where that two and a half K came from, because I don't know when he bought it or what he did. I just don't know. But let's just say he sold his bag. If I would be him and I sold my bag over here, for example, I would have peace with that. And even if XRP made this one up, I would be still confident and strong in my mind. I made the right decision. That's how a trader thinks. That's how a trader thinks. Because this, this was just Mr. Trump. 70, 80% of the times you make the right decision. You made the right decision there.

00:53:38
Even if this thing went up like this, you made the right decision. And you have to believe in that to be successful in trading. You have to believe in the fact that you made the right decision. And what does that mean? When you believe that you made the right decision, it means that you have. One from greed. Greed is not ruling your mind. You are ruling greed. You know how to protect yourself. Because that's why, if you want an explanation, why I'm saying that people like this will always get wrecked, will always stay losers, will always, it's because they have the wrong mindset. That's it. If you want to be a trader, you have to be immune to greed.

00:54:26
So if this thing bumps up out of nowhere, boom, and you sold over here, and even if it was in a loss, you have to stay confident. You have to say, okay, okay, I made the right decision. And while you're saying that to yourself, maybe this thing broke up. Maybe it will come back to the levels when I sold. Retest the indicator on the Indy, and then I'll jump back in at the same levels to make a run up. This is how a trader thinks: You can even say to yourself, 'Okay, I missed this bump, maybe I'm just gonna short it, you know, put on the indicator over here, I'm gonna short it. Maybe let's see what do we got, what do we got over here?

00:55:09
You can catch it over here, you can catch it over here. This is a nice catch, and I'm here. Also trade under 15 minutes, this is also look over here. This was a short entry, this one, so you would already be in like how much? It would already be in 1% on a 5X on 5%, while this thing bumped... I don't know how much, 10, 20%? So this, you know, while someone was getting bored and bailed after it, he really has no clue. This, what I'm explaining you now, the past, I don't know how long, 30 minutes, 55 minutes. This is maybe even more important than analyzing markets or doing TA or whatever. This is the 51%. It's your mindset. It's your mindset. Super important. It's your mindset.

00:56:11
If you don't own the right mindset, you will get nowhere. You know, you can be the best trader in the world. You can do whatever, you know, analyst, everything. But if you don't own the right mindset, you're going to lose money. It's that simple. So enough about this. So let me go. So I was seeing, by the way, Eagle. I saw that Eagle was the Koreans. So let me go to the Koreans. I saw Eagles. Eagle has been listed. Oh, so this has created. By the way, guys, Eagle, I want to give you guys a secret. I was, there was a time, you know, when I was, you know, really loving coins or whatever. Eagle was in that time was still ERD. It was called ERD. Later they merged to Eagle, but it was ERD.

00:57:03
I was, I was really, really, really. A big fan of ERD, you know, and this going to the moon whether I made a lot of money on ERD so don't no one doesn't have to; I made really, really sick money on ERD, uh, but luckily for me, I know when to sell, so I sell, so the greed won't take me, you know. Although I'm super bullish on ERD that time, but I knew okay, well now it's time, you know. You know my style is this and this is why I've been explaining the past hour; this mindset my style. For example, I'm super bullish on ERD and I think that ERD will go to the moon. Okay, fine. But for example, if I put in 10K and that 10K turns into 150K or 200K, you know what I do?

00:57:47
I take out 150K and let 50K run. And then if it goes a little more up, for example, that 50K turns into 100K, I take out 50K and I let 50K run. That's my style. That's how I do it. So even though that thing will dump down, you know, even if it dumps a little bit down, I see that momentum goes away. I will sell also the Romanian mode. But this is how I do it. This is how I do it. That's how I am successful. Because, you know, greed cannot touch me. I'm the biggest enemy of greed. I just don't care. So this is really, really, really super, super important. guys for you

00:58:25
guys to know so uh so uh i think it's really it reached really some uh oh we're gonna talk about the germans by the way in a moment guys these germans are really these germans are doing some crazy stuff guys germans are really these germans are really getting crazy i i just don't get it germans are you know they made a new all-time high i think yesterday we didn't talk about them but we need to talk about them let me let me show you guys So these Germans, that's why I tweeted about it. I told you, listen, these Germans. Oh, look at this, guys. New all-time high. This is the DAX, guys. Look at this.

00:59:08
I think that they already made a new high, but I think that this M formation will work out, and it will not be a perfect M formation. So maybe we're going to get a higher one over here. But let me tell you guys, I'm really prepared for this one. Maybe it's going to take another month. Maybe it's going to take another two months. I don't care. I'm prepared for this one. So this is how I think as a trader. This is me. I've got a plan. I've got a plan. And my plan is very clear. So I'm eyeing this thing. This thing, first of all, if this thing will not get through, I think that this thing will break through it. I've been eyeing the decks now for days.

00:59:52
There is just too much. By the way, guys, we killed this. This is what you're seeing over here. Me and the team, we killed this dump. We killed it. And by killed it, I really mean we killed it. We destroyed it. But I'm eyeing Minot another time. Minot. let's do it another time so yesterday over here we had this new offline this was the new author right and then you know it slowed down a bit look at this this thing just want to push push push it's it's you know those germans are really on steroids uh it's you know uh you know all the money they you know all the bitcoin they sold their buying stocks their own stocks with it So funny. Germans, they sold their Bitcoin. Bitcoin is at 100K.

01:00:45
Please, my retail fam, you guys are with me. I want you guys to not be the stupid boy. Don't be stupid. Please don't be stupid. Don't follow the herd. Those guys are uneducated dumbasses. You know, they're only there for anger. You have to be smart. I want you guys to be. I'm telling you a lot of times. You guys are not strong. And by strong, I don't mean you have to understand me. I don't mean strong. You're against a big marketing machine, big wheels. Those are the strong ones. You have to outsmart them. It's the only way to be successful. You have to be smart. Because, look, you got this clown. I'm not even going to call him clown.

01:01:29
Because why he's no clown, he's about the smartest person I've seen in my life, yeah, so when we're talking, we're talking about Michael Saylor, Michael said this, he acts like a clown. Yes, I agree with that one, but this guy is just the smartest person ever. Look what he's doing. So you got all these people in crypto, what they do with them, let's see what Michael Saylor has been posting today. And he has got just an automated, you know, or he's hiring someone every day. Bitcoin is going to this. Bitcoin is going to a million. Bitcoin is still cheap. Bitcoin is dead. I'm buying Bitcoin, or we're buying Bitcoin, and I'm buying Bitcoin, and you should buy Bitcoin, and there is no second best, and Bitcoin is the best, and Bitcoin this, Bitcoin that.

01:02:16
Bitcoin is nothing. What is Bitcoin? That's all that's realistic over here. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is nothing. Bitcoin is an asset. That you can buy just like an NFT; it gives it has value because other people give it value; there's no technology; there's nothing out there. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin if Michael said it would buy all the Bitcoin in the world, it will go to zero, you know why? Because Bitcoin has only value if you want to buy it and I want to buy it and your neighbor wants to buy it, everyone else wants to buy it. So together we created this Ponzi asset. Yes, there is some technology there, but that technology is outdated. If you go to Ethereum, Tron, if you go to Cardano, that technology is way, way, way better and nobody's using the blockchain, the Bitcoin blockchain.

01:03:14
Who's using the Bitcoin blockchain? Who? So what is Bitcoin? Well, Michael Sater is saying that it's going to 2 million bucks. Let me explain to you what Michael Sater is doing. This is Michael Sater. What is this? What is this? 8 April. Look at this. I tweeted about this yesterday. 8 April. 8 April. Look. 8 April. Are you seeing this? It's 80%. 80%. So from 8 April. 8 April was one month ago? Yes. One month ago. Is it? One month ago? Yes. It's one month ago. So in one month. In one month. One single month. His company. Almost doubled in value. And he has got a pretty big company, Mr. MicroStrategy. It's a big company. So almost doubled. Do you know what it means? He doubled the value of his company. Doubled. So let's see. Where is Mr. Bitcoin? Where are you, Mr. Bitcoin? Come, Mr. Bitcoin. Come. So Bitcoin bumped like crazy past days. So only yesterday, only yesterday, look at this. So you have to see it like this. Only the last four or five days, and it's basically Michael Saylor buying also, Bitcoin bumped to 10%. 10%, 10%, 10%. So let us go to 8th April. Here it is:

01:05:16
36%. Do you see how this guy is fooling you? Do you see what this guy is doing? Do you understand why he keeps promoting and buying Bitcoin? It's not because he gives a damn about Bitcoin. It's feeding money into his company. Because the more Bitcoin goes up, the more people buy his share from his company. That's it. Basically, he's the same just like any shiller, you know on YouTube and on Twitter because if you know if let's say Alton Delio They've got like a million followers and they do daily shows and they make like 100k every day on Monetization on whatever it is on my YouTube revenues revenues Twitter, etc If Bitcoin would go down and everyone would go away from Bitcoin They wouldn't make any money.

01:06:16
So they have to keep yelling every day that crypto is going to the moon and Bitcoin is going to the moon. And they have to keep repeating themselves for years and days. Because why? Not because they believe in that. It's because that's how they make money. By saying that. Because if they wouldn't say that, they will not make money. And that's also for banter. That's also for all those. Benjamin Cowell, all of them, all of them that you know them, they have to keep yelling that, you know, everything is going to the moon because the more people get into crypto, the more money they make. And Michael Saylor is the exact same. The more Bitcoin goes up, the more MicroStrategy goes up. Look, Bitcoin going up, MicroStrategy goes up. This guy is making way more money than all those shillers combined.

01:07:20
Yeah, I understand, guys. You will not see this on Twitter. Or nobody will tell you this on Twitter or will tell you this on YouTube. They will not. But this is the hard truth.

01:07:41
Okay, enough about this. Let me go back to the, let me go back to the, back to the. So basically, nothing changed for me. What does nothing change mean? I will not be led by Mr. Trump. So, Mr. Trump made that bump up. Let me be honest with you guys. I didn't trade it. So everything that you're seeing is, oh, up, up, up, either. So I didn't trade it. So I've got that 15% left for my dip buying at the bottom. So, you know, you know, you know, I bought them over here when I told you to buy the bottom. You know, I know a lot of you guys will probably forget this. I told you over here, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. So I've got like 15% left.

01:08:28
And that 15% I'm going to take out during the day. And then I will be back into 100% cash. And I'm very proud of myself. I'm very happy with myself. Because I made a lot of money. A lot of money. And I'm going to hunt short the FOMO again. That's what I'm going to do. And I'm going to be successful. And I'm going to make a lot of big bags of money. Because that's what I always do. That's what I always do. That's my life. making money on the charts, on the FOMO, on whatever it is. That's what I do. So we got Tia also getting Koreans listed. So also, by the way, over here, beautiful, just for you guys to see an example.

01:09:27
So an example, an example over here, up, down, above the Indy, daily, retesting as we speak. This could trigger another pump up, but be very careful because why be very careful? Bitcoin made a too big of run up and it's today for by the way you guys Fridays are most of the times on polish days for markets for stocks for crypto so Fridays are very very so don't expect I'm not expecting to be honest. Big dumps on a Friday because Friday, it's just what it is. Fridays are super super bullish, bullish days but let me tell you this. The pump of yesterday was just too big, in my opinion. This was really a big pump. And we're reaching now the, look at this, Kabish, all-time high levels.

01:10:21
Because the all-time high levels, this is nothing, guys. Just one micro-seller could just buy a little bit over here and boom. And by the way, you know, something, you know, very concerning. Yesterday at 95, there was, you know. BlackRock was aggressively buying Bitcoin over here. What more can I say? Because you have to see like there's also BlackRock, to be honest. BlackRock is also a company that, you know, they are buying Bitcoin, but, you know, they're just doing the same, just like the exchanges are doing. They just need to get some action into Bitcoin so people start trading it so they can make money. It's just what it is. It's just a business they chose to be in. So that's what they're doing. So for me, it's very simple. I'm hunting.

01:11:19
I'm hunting. I already started hunting, by the way. So there's a lot of green already, by the way. A lot of green. Forget about layers. Uh, the Kaito is fine; worked out fine, there is uh, what is that other one, Nairo, worked out fine. So this is now what's gonna happen so you got, you got, you got, you got, so it's it I didn't choose this, Trump is forcing me to do this. So what you see now is when you see really, that FOMO it's in like this, you know, okay. And then you got the indicator following it, so uh, I would definitely trade it for a long time, the FOMO with them just use the indicator. Let me give you let me show you guys why am I here? Just do this just do this don't be afraid, don't be afraid when you got the indicator with you don't be afraid, please. If you if you if you got the indicator on your side don't be afraid, don't fear markets only need time it's all about time. So what you do is,

01:12:38
what you do is, you have to catch, and I'm not saying on ETH, because I think that other altcoins could do this. So you just have to catch this. So when you see this happen going on, just long the crap out of it. Just go with it. Just go, go, go, go. But just keep in mind, guys, that you see this, are you seeing this? This, look at this. Focus on what I'm going to show you now. At some point, this will happen. See this? It's the same. Up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Down, down, down, down, down, down, down. This is how trading works. The only thing that you need, you need the indicator.

01:13:22
You have the indicator. If you don't have it, go to my link tree. You'll get it there. That's all. Keep it simple. Look at this. I can also put it on a 50-minute if you want to see it better. Look at this. Aha. Aha. Retest entry. And there we go. Down. You're below it. Down. Down. You can use the five minutes. This is how it's looking. You see this? This is how it's looking. And this will happen on a lot of altcoins, guys. This will happen really on a lot of altcoins. So please, guys, please, please, please again and again and again and again. Focus, please, because you're going to make a lot of money. Just open up the charts. Just follow whatever the money flow will hit in.

01:14:06
We're going to share the top 10 coins very soon. So when we share them, trade them. Put the Indy on, and there you go. So I want, there was someone. I think they just buy Bitcoin so people can buy it from their spot if you haven't traded. That's why I don't get it. I think, you know, guys, don't focus too much on things that, well, if you're very interested in how, I would say just go do your research on it. But this is, you know, this is me. I never go dive very deep into whatever it is out there because I just don't care. The only thing that I care about is the information that I need that will make me money.

01:14:58
So what BlackRock is doing with their funds or their holding or selling, I don't give a crap about that. I just don't care. And I wouldn't, you know, I'm a trader. I'm only looking out to make money. So what I do is I've got, you know, I've got like 128 GB in my brains. And, you know, I only let the most important information in that will make me successful, make me money. So everything else, I don't care about it. You know, I just remove it. I don't need to know it. I don't even want to know it. I don't care. So BlackRock is basically very simple. They've got a spot ETF. And when people buy and sell, they make money. It's that simple. That's how I see it.

01:15:39
Yes, this is a good one, by the way. Ivan, Ivan, virtual. Virtual has been going bananas. Virtual is going bananas. So virtual is definitely one of those coins that I'm interested in. Can you hear me? A very good one, very good one. I was going to talk about it. What's your name? What was your name? Ivan. Very good, very good. Thank you for reminding me. Look at Virgil. What is this? This thing is going bananas. These AI agents are, you know, these AI agents are really something. They just keep. So it's incredible, this thing with this. From our buy zones, what did it do? Forex. This thing is going. These AI agents are really here. So if you want me, how I'm seeing it, this is how I'm seeing it.

01:16:32
So you have to really keep an eye on this level over here. Over here, these are books. So I think that here some turbulence could get in. Possible short. Possible. Yes, definitely. Virtual is definitely on my short list. Because I think that this pump is a little bit too much, it's too much in my opinion, it's too forced, so I think the virtual needs to cool down a little bit, uh, so let's see, let's see. We got the indicator so this is definitely on my short list, so you'll probably see a peanut, you probably can't see Peter, I told you yes but it's it's these these things are going bananas, look at this. On the AI16 XBT also over here. We got this Swarmz. Swarmz, by the way, guys, is very interesting for it.

01:17:25
You know, if you want to make really, really, really, really big gains, if the AI FOMO hits in, you really should give it a look at Swarmz. Swarmz is ridiculous, but because we could have bought this thing over here. 20 cents so but this thing is just a 32 million market cap I'm telling you this thing look at this look at this and there's nothing over here this thing could ramp up up up up up up so this is also one of those coins uh put that damn indicator on put that damn indicator on look at this four more look at this if you would put in a 15 minutes look at this Look at this. It's like ETH. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You're out over here.

01:18:18
ETH didn't lose it. But this is what you're going to see when you're going to trade the indicator on these lower, on these lower or low cap coins. The indicator will get invalidated more often than, for example, on ETH, Solava and Bitcoin. Because it's just too volatile. But, you know, out, you're in again. And there you go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. This is really mind blowing. So keep an eye on this one also. um what do i got there what do i got what do i got them what is this uh fight for a double top i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know fight for a double top fight for a double top you know for now guys i'm really i'm telling you you have to really um what you're gonna see is this so if you're gonna short coins you have to short coins that do like pop You know, and then they cool down.

01:19:14
So you're going to catch them over here. You're going to make a lot of money over here. But you have to keep in mind that if the markets will hold, if the markets will hold, you have to keep in mind that you're going to see more upside. You know, the momentum keeps going in, especially until ETH reaches, because ETH is heading into the resistance level over here. And let's see how strong those ETH bastards are. You know? Let's see how strong they are. Because I think, where is my ETH shot? Why did it disappear? I had some lines over here. So let's see how ETH is going to, ETH is really marching over here. So let's see how ETH is going to, you know. Oh, this is, already crapping in there.

01:20:06
ETH, ETH, ETH, ETH is really, ETH is really killing it over here. So ETH is really this box over here. Oh, you know, this is, this is really, this is really great. There's really a lot of power going on over here, guys. As you guys can see also, the indicator just won't get lost over here. Guys, don't be greedy on the shorts. You have to, you really have, you have to, you have to respect the indicator, guys. You have to respect it. Respect it. Don't let emotions take over. See this? Look at this. Look at this, guys. This is it. On the 15-minute mark. When it goes into the Indy, it didn't even test the Indy, guys. Look, this was the last time. This was the first time.

01:21:02
We didn't even test it again. So when it gets in it, know that the bulls are really, really marching and marching very hard. So you have to be really careful with shorts. You have to only short if you've got, look, look, I'm talking about it. Are you seeing what it's doing? So you have to be, don't, don't have this mindset of, oh, it went up very much. So it can only come down. That's not how you do it. That's not how I educate. You have to have the opposite mindset. Don't look at me. I'm looking at the bigger picture. The bigger picture, I'm super bearish. That's it. Even if Trump says go buy stocks, I don't care. Bigger picture, I'm bearish. So I'm prepared for that. I'm going to prepare myself for that.

01:21:49
And I'll open up my NW Short ETF also, by the way. I forget to say that. I'm going to open it again. So we had January. Well, short ETF 2. 0 is coming. MW long ETF is dead now. It will only wake up when the MW short ETF 2. 0 gets closed. That's when the MW long ETF comes into life. For now, I'm not interested in anything long for investing. Now I'm only interested in trading. So I trade this. So this is what you're seeing over here. You have to trade. Don't be afraid, even if it's already made this up. This is your resistance zone. So here you have to be careful. But this is it. When you see this thing ramping up, especially under five minutes, just go, go, go, go, go.

01:22:38
Don't think over here. Oh, well, it already went up from 1800 to. To 19,000, oh no! It went up; it can only come down. Let me show that-that's not how we do things, that's not how you do it. You put on the damn indicator, it shows you the money flow; it shows you the money flow. This is how you do it over here, and it respects it. You have to, no, no, no, I know, I know, you know. It went up from 18,000 to 19,000, oh no! I'm gonna short; I gotta make a lot of money-that's the amateur way. It goes into the indie long; it respects the indie long; it respects the indie long; it respects the indie long. That's how I have to think, and when this thing turns around, that's when we're gonna flip bearish; that's when you do the opposite. You need this thing-this thing is what shows you what the wheels are doing; it shows you the money flow. I love you! Thanks for watching, have a nice one, and until the next one, bye!
*** Live Stream 05-10-2025 Trump Pumping Crypto ! ***

00:01:23
Welcome, welcome, retail fam, retail fam, good morning GTC, Game Trading Crypto! Welcome you guys, can hear me, whoa, why can I, why can't I see my profile pic, what's going on, what's going on? Can you guys hear me in the chat, please in the chat? Oh, there it is, I can see my sound is working, thank you, thank you, retail fam! Welcome, good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone! It's an early live stream, but you know, I just couldn't wait, I needed to get in, I need to show you guys uh what's going on where the money is flowing, why it's flowing, where it's flowing, financial market, altcoins, a lot of altcoins today, it's all about altcoins, altcoins, so Basically, it's you know the money is now flowing and flowing very hard so first of all guys I'm gonna be a little bit harder you guys Why are you going to be hard on us?

00:02:20
What did we do to you? Nothing. You guys did nothing wrong. I'm going to be hard on you guys for your own interest. So I'm going to push you guys a little bit on this live stream. I'm going to push you in the right direction. I'm going to push you on how you're going to make money. So I think, you know, decades ago. Decades ago, there was only one guy that was not in trading. It wasn't something else in my life. He has been pushing me to the limits. And I hated the guy. I just hated him. And, you know, but he kept being so hard on me. But, you know, that same person, you know, you cannot imagine how much I love that person.

00:03:04
You know, because this is something many don't seem to want to understand. The one that will be the hardest on you, the one that is pushing you the hardest. The only thing that you need to understand is as long as that person is a good person and he wants the best for you, when he's pushing you, at that moment you might feel like, okay, this guy is killing me. I hate him. But that's the guy that you need to love. And that's the guy that you will appreciate by time. That's the guy that you will be thankful for, or for the rest of your life. Because you have to see it like this, guys. The people that are just always just, you know, it's okay, it's okay, no problem.

00:03:50
This is always nice to you, always, you know. These kind of people, there are only two things. They're either out there to scam, wreck, destroy you. So that's number one. Or those people are, you know. They, they just don't know better, you know. You can see them like mother figures, you know. It will be okay, you will be fine, you'll be fine, and you're just going down, down, down, down, you know. And you know it's like the moms in the world, you know. They always are very sensitive you know to their children, and you know either though that they should be harder; they don't do it. You need push, push, push, push, hard, hard, hard, hard, because that's what's gonna give you that winner's mentality.

00:04:33
And we're gonna talk about that today, so I'm gonna explain you guys exactly. This will happen when we reach the altcoin section, and that's where... I'll be talking about that one, so also very important, guys. Uh, for the ones, and I want to you know; I'm gonna address this, you know. I'm gonna make it very clear for the ones that are in this live stream and trading on... I don't know, q coin on Bybit, on Binance, whatever. They're trading. Let's keep in mind that there's something new coming up, and uh, there's something new that will come up. You have to be trading on BTNX or Blowfee so keep this in mind, or on Prime by the way, so Blowfin, BTNX, Prime. So you have to keep in mind that you're trading.

00:05:16
Make sure that you fill in the form at GTC Insider with your UID so we can, uh, so we can uh so we can uh make sure that you will be added to what is coming, because the free private group will disappear by the way; it will be cancelled, and we're gonna open up a new group in a whole nother style, and well, it will happen very soon. So just make sure, guys, that you fill in the form. Also, I want to say, RetailFam, I want you guys to be very careful with people, if people will DM you. So even though it's just saying, listen, there are a lot of accounts out there, you know, there are RetailFam, you know, RetailFam this, hashtag RetailFam that. Okay, that's great.

00:06:01
Because we're growing and we're growing super fast past weeks. It's a little bit too fast in my opinion, but we're growing super fast, but there is a reason for that. But at the same time, you have to be very, very careful because just keep in mind that the only accounts that, you know, that you can fully 100% trust is either is M Willkiller. First of all, that's my check account. So you DM me personally and you got GTC Insider. So a GTC Insider. If anyone asks you for money or whatever, that's a red flag, so keep this in mind, keep it in mind and you know, I just don't, you know, there are some people, it's just what it is, it happens everywhere by the way, guys.

00:06:51
But it's when they're interacting with me or with GTC inside and they got these people, they come in between, and then they start, you know, uh, you know, I invented the wheel again, and why don't you come join me? Why don't you go join them? Everyone must do as he likes, but for me personally, I can only say this: if they will scam you, if they will hack you, if they will destroy you, it's not on my plate. So I warned you. The only account that you can trust is my account and KTC Insider. That's the only account that you can trust. If you're seeing someone, why don't you do this? Be my guest, do whatever, do it on your own responsibility. Don't blame me after it if some scam happens.

00:07:38
Because already there have been several retail fan members scammed, but it's their own fault because they think, oh, this is a pretty nice guy. Yes, yes, he has been with MW a long time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He showed me the way. And then, bam, they got scammed. I'm telling and repeating myself, guys, in a world of finance, in a world where money is involved, you cannot find good people. People are greedy and people will, for, you know, for a thousand bucks, he will destroy you. it's just what unfortunately this is how it is so the best thing that you can do is protect yourself you know if you're chatting with each other whatever that's great that's no problem but don't just don't don't don't go don't don't do stupid things i've seen many people fall for this crap so let me start off uh i hope that this was all clear So let me start.

00:08:40
What do we got? We got Pedro. We got Zaganu. We got a lot of letters. Good morning. Zubark. We got Armonia. We got Kirk. We got Johnny Bravo. Straight up. DevRack. By the way, the guy with the Korean or Taiwanese letters, tell us your name, please, so we can call you something. Michael Volba. DevBrief. We got ModDoc. We got Lars. We got Mark. We got CryptoFiori. Here. Nicholas, Walid, Andrea, Geth, Fi, we got Meticia, we got the D., Carlo, is this Bob? The Walid, those are Peter, Sam, Marissa, we got Brecken, Peter, I forgot to say that we're going live. I need to do that. Leem, we got Bob John Doe, Maltexis. We got Fi, we got Salman Rashid. Good morning, Rita. Okay, thank you so much. Learned something today.

00:09:49
We got Mr. Mama in the house. We got Fort Jerry. What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? Daniel Francis. We got Stacy. Alpiman. Jan. What is this? Margarita. T-Blue. Yes. Silva. Nicholas. Amir Zaidi. Amir Zaidi, beautiful name. Alpiman. Okay, guys. No music today, guys. Because I just, I think, yeah, it's just, it's just, we need to, we need to do our thing. We need to do our thing. It's that simple. So no music. Why no music and W? Because we need to do our thing. We need to kill it today. And that's what's going to happen. I know we're going to kill it. So be prepared. Oh, I needed to post that when I'm live.

00:10:52
It's boring when you're making money every day. It's really boring, you know? Oh, you know what I'm writing? We are boring. Because we are live, not boring. That's when I do two things at the same time-we are live now, now, now because a lot of people are not getting the notifications, so that's why I need to post this also yeah okay, so great, so I did that, okay! So first, I want to show you guys this: what is this? This is the USDT dominance chart. So we broke through, you know I showed you that we were heading into parish well. So, this is happening. By the way, let me give you guys a little bit of info about what's going on before the governor.

00:11:37
I need to show you guys this before we're going to talk about this for a moment. Listen, guys, first I want to say is we had this. We had Trump talking to Mr. Z. We had the ceasefire on Pakistan and India. We're having Putin go into peace talks with. With Ukraine, I think it's on Thursday, so we're getting some bullish signs in the world; it's Trump basically, that is, Trump is really pushing over here for you know more peace instead of wars, so uh great uh, so that's something we should be super, super happy about because we had them president before this that you know the whole world was burning and they just don't care. They just don't care. Okay, well, whatever. Nobody. But at least I'm seeing Trump.

00:12:34
I'm really seeing him trying, trying to get a little bit of, you know, logic piece in the world. So these are some bullish signs. These are some bullish signs for the financial markets also because financial markets, they love this. So what we also got, we got Trump saying, listen, guys, just go out there and buy a lot of stocks. I don't agree with that thing that he said. I don't even know if he's allowed to say that, but I think he is. So otherwise, he wouldn't say it. But I think that this is pushing the markets even higher than I expected. So because my expectations were while I was out of the markets, I think over here. Over here is when I sold like 85% of my portfolio that I bought in over here.

00:13:25
So my investment portfolio. I should have held it longer. So it's what I bought in over here. I took profits too early. But the thing is, I didn't know what Trump was going to do. So this is something I couldn't anticipate. So at this moment, it's really Trump pushing the markets up. And, you know, that sucks. That sucks. But, but, but that's my investing portfolio. That's 20%. 80% is trading portfolio. And there I'm killing it like. I'm always killing it. You guys know that already by me. So, what's going on there? Why is this thing not pushing? It's very strange. Let's see, let's see, let's see. So I couldn't, this, I didn't, you know, it's, you know, I don't know. I cannot, I cannot, you know, I can read charts.

00:14:17
I can read markets. What I can't read is what Trump is going to do. So, Trump, you know. Yes, you know, and then you know, I think it's not uh the last Monday, but the Monday before, I told you guys also that I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto, I don't know if you guys remember the live stream, you know it was very shocking to a lot of people when I told you I think that crypto will pump like crazy, I think that a lot of money will go into crypto the coming uh coming days, weeks actually since I made that vid since I shared that, crypto never looked back,

00:14:53
so it just ramped up like crazy, but you know now what's next, so it's a bit scary with Trumpy uh really pushing the markets up because I know what Trump does, it's basically what he's doing is the same like he did in January, what he's doing is you know he says something super bullish and then when he says something super bullish um he needs to he needs to deliver. I saw a post from another one. He told me, well, soon you'll need Trump 24-7 on Twitter to keep keeping the momentum up, because at the moment that he will silence, markets could dump very hard. So this is super unhealthy. But I think that we're seeing the same scenario like we saw in January, because what Trump is doing is he's forcing a bump up, but the dump will be bigger.

00:15:48
The dump will be bigger after it. So it's, you know, financial marks, you just need to leave them alone. Let them do their thing just organically and do it just like, because when you start forcing things, then. it will get super, super volatile. And now we've got like, you know, you've got this in July, you've got the holding back and these tariffs and et cetera. But, you know, I don't want to talk too much about these tariffs or whatever is going on with that. I want to focus on the chart. So for me now, the next level that I'm eyeing, because I also shared with you guys, I shared with you guys about the short ETF. And the short ETF will come. But you guys need to understand that the short ETF needs to be the timing.

00:16:31
So I need to time it right, so I'm building my list, I'm building my list and it's coming and it's coming, it's coming. But I really need, I need the markets to push a little bit high. We're going to talk about it in a moment, so I need the markets to push it a little bit higher. Um, that's when I start filling those bags. So for now, uh, this is the level I'm buying. By the way, guys, did you see that gap? You see that gap? Look at this gap. Look at this and put another one hour. You see this and note another one hour. You see this? This is the gap. How we opened. So people are very bullish about the fact that we got a ceasefire, for now, and we also got uh, Trump talking with China.

00:17:20
Look at this, the weekend people are super bullish on all the news. But for now, I have to respect my lines over here. My lines are over here. So this is uh, also by the way, uh, the indicator is getting tested on the weekly. You see seeing this so this is also a very crucial uh moment now because if we would if we would just respect the indicator it would mean that we came down to our target over here now we're back at the indicator. So this basically is just a bearish retest for a second dump down. This is just, you know, just like you have been seeing over here. So let me get a clean chart. Yes, let me get a clean chart. Let me remove this.

00:18:07
So this is, by the way, on the macro, guys. Don't give it too much. Don't give it too much. So basically, this on the Indy, up. On the Indy, up. On the indie up on the indie up on the indie and here we broke down we reach our target over here and now we're testing the indicator again on the weekly we're testing it over here so this would be a bearish retest this just pure on ta my ta, we should make another low from here. This is if you would really respect the indicator on the high terms. But you have to keep in mind that today is Monday. So this thing could go up even more over here and still close the body below the indicator. So this thing is only valid at Friday's close.

00:19:11
Then you can see, okay, wait a minute. Did we close above it? Because you can get a spike up to all-time high, or maybe even more than all-time high. You can get a spike, but it's about to close. How is it going to close? If it closes below the Indy, that's bearish. That's bearish, and this is the better retest will be in place, and then there we go. But this is something, on Monday, it's too early to talk about that. So now it's just, you have to just respect that one and wait for this next level, this box. 58. So let's test it. Let me take you to DEX. DEX is really, I've been eyeing DEX. And as you guys can see on this chart, I'm analyzing DEX as no other chart, to be honest.

00:19:55
I'm going to be super honest with you guys. There is really no chart that I'm analyzing more than the DEX. Because why? I think that the DEX is the number one Ponzi bubble. Asset out there so it's assets, but look at this so this thing also opened up so I'm really targeting this level over here so this 24k level if it will reach I don't know if it will reach but if it will reach I'm targeting this level I'm targeting this level so this is also because this DEX uh DEX is really going uh it's really doing some strange this thing I was eyeing it on the weekly look at this on the weekly

00:20:42
guys, look at this one two three four five five five five candles just from almost the bottom to top without any any retracement they get them okay but under what we had this one also but if you would measure this one so over here we had one two three four five six so this was but this was this was a 13 Then we had this red one. So let me take you to the top. So this was 17%. Guys, this is one of the biggest rises ever for the DAX. Already 26%, guys. We haven't seen this. We haven't seen this because if you would measure, look at this. If you would measure this one, this was 15%. If you would measure this one, this is 23%, this rise over here.

00:21:39
Let me measure. This was a big one. This was a big one, but this was way to retrace, but this was 62%, but you have to measure this one. So this was the closest you can get, but this was after a big dump of the Corona crash. So we didn't have this crash because this dump, this one is not this one. This was a big crash. So you cannot calculate this movement over here. So when you go back, you keep going back and what I'm seeing is you know I haven't seen uh, it was I think in 2015 that there was one I was eyeing it in 2015, I was eyeing but listen guys, my you know I'm I'm I'm analyzing this Dex more than the US 500 at this moment uh, because I think that you know some life-changing money could come out of this so keep in mind especially for the high volume traders uh, link three, there is my Prime

00:22:34
XBT link, open up an account and just wait for me, wait for me, let's open an account on Prime XBT and wait. By the way, when you open up an account on XBT, please do uh share, share your UID on GTC inside the show or DM your UID of of of of GTC inside, it's the fastest way. But this is something I'm really eyeing for the coming days so also was looking a little bit at China where this China thing because this is the chart that I'm you know like I'm super bearish on the US 500 on the decks, I'm super bullish on on China, the China 50, I'm really, really, super bullish on this one, so I was eyeing it on the you know on on a monthly look at this.

00:23:22
Guys, so we had this bearish, bearish, bearish above it and now we're holding the line over here, so I will share a lot about this. By the way, a lot of Chinese stocks that I'm very, very bullish on. So, yeah, just wait for it. So then let's go DXY. DXY is really doing whatever it is that it's doing over here. It's holding the line or whatever, you know, so it's under one buck again. We had this rise, but, you know, we're heading into resistance also on the DXY. VIXY, VIXY is, look at VIXY, guys. You know, I've said enough about VIX. By the way, for the ones that want to trade VIX, also for the high volume traders, be ready. We're going to trade a lot of VIX together with Beverly Hills, but then a little bit better.

00:24:14
Be ready for VIX, you guys. But look where we are at VIX, you guys. Look, this was, you know, it's really pathetic. This was, you know, the tariffs war and this and that, the whole comedy show of Trump. It’s whether we're back we’re back we’re back we’re back so it’s you know it’s all a lot of air you know it’s this is exactly why you know this is exactly why I keep telling you guys listen this when you see this like Kobayashi leather etc you see all 700 billion have been wiped out of the markets. Five billion have been wiped out of the stock markets. Three billion have been wiped out of the stock markets. Guys, it's nothing. It's nothing. It's just nothing.

00:25:07
It's just a lot of show. So the VIX here, just like we had this spike up, but this one was even worse, by the way, this one. But you have to keep in mind that we're back. We're back. You know, because up, up, up, up, up, so now we're back. It's just like the USA coin. So could this thing dump even further to the 18, 19 level? For sure. For sure it could. But we are. So you have to see it like this, guys. And I want you guys, this is the part where I'm going to be a little bit hard on you guys. I'm going to be a little bit hard on you guys. This is all I want to say. This is why you be bullish on the markets.

00:25:49
This is why you're bullish on the markets. This is why you could be bullish on the markets. Not over here. I keep repeating myself because I've said this like a zillion times already past years. But at some point, people just don't seem to understand. You know why? Let me tell you why. Because people, it's just how people's minds work, guys. I'm going to explain it very quickly. This is how people's minds are, especially for the beginners course. We're going to schedule them, I think, this week. So the beginner's course is going to start, and I'm going to talk about this a lot. But this is just how the human – I don't care if you think that you're a good trader or you think that you master this or you master that, whatever.

00:26:38
Listen to what I'm going to say now. This is – it doesn't matter how good you are, but this is how the healthy – Human mind works. And the human emotion works. And how does it work? It works like this. When markets go up, markets go up like this. People think that it can never go down again. When markets go down, when markets go down, people think, 'It can never go up again.' While the reality is the opposite. Because if you would check any chart, now don't go to some shit coin that died, but any normal chart, every chart, doesn't matter what chart, especially the VIX. Look at the VIX. Any chart, when it comes down, after it, after rain comes sunshine, and after sunshine comes rain.

00:27:43
This is how financial markets work. It's just what it is, but the human mind they will over here tell them, you know this will never come down again; I need to buy in, that that's that's, you know, so this thing and then you know this thing dumped so hard, you know, over here. Oh, this thing will never come up; I need to show this, and then you see, pop goes up, this is, you know. We have this is for your, for your, for your; you have to, you have to let me show you the fix; let me show you this; let me show you this. I already, I still it's over here; look at this, look at this.

00:28:25
So it comes up down, up down, up down, up down, up and then extreme up, down, so every time because you have to understand that when this thing reached this level, this is the same moment when the sentiment if you're watching CNN, you're watching Bloomberg; if you're watching Twitter, if you're watching YouTube, the sentiment is super bearish. Because you have to remember so if I when I'm yelling like guys I'm buying, I'm buying, I'm buying; you have to know that 90 or 99 maybe. Even more is bearish; it doesn't matter who it is, they're all bearish, no, that's why I'm bullish. Because it's super simple for me when, you know, things go up and then they go down. So now we are at these regions over here. So what does that mean?

00:29:24
What does that tell you? So this move already happened. Is this suddenly where you're going to become bullish? No. This is where you have to be bullish. When I was buying, when the box hit, you remember? When this one hit. When this one hit. When the box I don't know where the box is. Yeah, when this one hit, this was when I told you, okay, I'm buying. But now we didn't even reach this level, so we can we can reach these levels. By the way, I'm not saying that, but we are, we are like we did, like I think 60, 70, 80 of the move already happened, so is this suddenly where you're gonna become bullish? Not me, I'm not.

00:30:05
I know that there are some opportunities; I think that this thing could come down and there's still some more air in the bottle to make much more gains and we will make them, but on a bigger picture, you have to prepare again, prepare for what? Yes, prepare for the big hammer. Yeah, you have to prepare it again, so enough about this. Let me go, let me go, let me go back to this one. So this one, this is the USDT dominance chart, so uh, beautiful. By the way, beautiful up and down, we made it lower, so this is also something I'm eyeing like crazy. Look, you see this is a bullish uptrend, this is a bullish uptrend for crypto, so this is looking really great.

00:30:44
This is on the monthly by the way, guys, on the money, this is a bullish option, but if you know crypto was almost dead after after after Trump did whatever it is he did in January, after we opened up the shortage altcoins were like 90% or 95% down with what more dumps can you expect. But over here when we reach this level this box again, this is the same just like the peaks, we still got a little bit going on, but over here is where you have to Be cautious again, because you might make our next lower high and only this move can make you rich if you short, only this move can make you rich.

00:31:27
But also this move into the box could also make you rich, but we're going to talk about it in a moment so this move up, only this one can make a super rich, shorting because when you short, short guys in shorting you can make so much money, it's incredible because it's easy money. Longing is harder than shorting, by the way, guys for those who know, you know, longing is is more difficult than shorting because why, you have to see it like this when a lot of altcoins when you go long them, basically. What you're doing is You're investing in Ponzi. So there is no team. There is no technology. There is nothing. You're just investing, buying into something that is a Ponzi. So it has no meaning. It shouldn't exist in the first place.

00:32:16
And you're buying, investing in it for it to go up. So this is difficult because you're putting money in something from which you already know. I hope that you know and understand. Then it doesn't mean anything. It's nothing. You're just, you know, you could, you know, if you got a son or you got a dog, your dog Max at home, you know, let's create an altcoin. That's, you know, okay, Max, I'm bullish on Max, and then pum, pum, pum, pum, pum. You're pumping Max because your dog's name is Max. So this is very difficult. I know people, a lot of people, they, you know, although the markets go up on the Ponzi's, they never, ever buy or loan it. Never. They only loan projects like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, et cetera, et cetera.

00:33:06
So XRP, et cetera. They never, ever, ever loan Ponzi schemes or meme coins or whatever. They just don't do it. But what they do, they short the crap out of them at the right time. So this is something that I'm eyeing for now, guys. But we still got a little bit of bullishness left for this thing to come down. So let me go to Paxi. I want to show you guys Paxi also because Paxi has been getting destroyed. By the way, I'm a little bit disappointed, a little bit disappointed that our levels didn't hit over here. But this also gives me more hope for the short ETF. Because this box, we didn't hit it. So, it sucks. You know, I nil a lot of charts. I didn't nil this one.

00:33:56
Let's be clear about that one. I didn't. I nil really a lot of charts. But, you know, I didn't nil this one. So, this thing is, by the way, also dumping pretty hard, guys. This thing is back. A lot of people are super, super bullish on crypto as we speak. And they should be right because. At some point, I like I said in that in a video that I made, I told you, guys, um maybe, maybe, maybe someone should check up that bid, you know, uh it's it's uh you know, gold is too expensive, so why would you buy gold and not crypto? That's why I told you. Also, I think that crypto was the only outcome for a lot of people with a lot of money to to go into, so you know, I'm going to explain it in a moment.

00:34:51
So that's about that. And then we got ETHBTC, by the way, guys. Oh, this monster, guys. Look at this. By the way, also, we didn't. Oh, I missed my target over here. Oh, I hate it. It was one guy; he DMed me. And I'm like, listen, bro, listen, bro. I want to buy you something. I want to, you know, do you want to go on vacation? What do you want? I want to give it to you. I don't need anything. I'm fine. no no i want to give you something you know you changed my life what this this was one of those people that i'm talking about that don't believe in they don't believe

00:35:26
in fiat so they only they own a lot of bitcoin and they just hold all the bitcoin and you know they'll never sell it and the only thing that they can do is because he told me to the mw so i started flipping my bitcoin into eth and he told me i made so much money and he's still making money by the way almost rise up because you know it this was exactly like i told you guys uh well when i shared this i missed my target by the way he told me he flipped 40 by the way of his uh bitcoin to me he told me i was waiting for the remaining 60 over here but you know yeah that's that's trading you cannot you cannot have it all but it's it's exactly you know while people were telling eth is dead it will never go up eat this did papa papa papa papa they're selling eat eat this either now I told you weeks ago, don't believe that crap.

00:36:19
Don't believe that crap. You know, they were telling you to buy ETH at 3K. And they're telling you to be bearish about ETH on 40, what was it? $14,00 or something, it was around there. So they're telling you to be bearish on ETH on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 bucks. And on $3,000 they're telling you to buy. Please wake up. Understand what the agenda is of these people. These people, they're out there to wreck you. That's what they do. So, okay, enough, enough. Did I do Bitcoin, by the way? I didn't do Bitcoin. I'm sorry, guys. I didn't do Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah, you know. In my opinion, it's not Bitcoin doing boom, boom, boom, because Bitcoin, in my opinion, is pathetic.

00:37:17
I really mean it when I say. As long as the stocks are outperforming Bitcoin, Bitcoin should be at $130K, $140K, $150K by now. Easily. Easy peasy. Should be over there. So for me, Bitcoin is still pathetic. Because if you got this one, look at this one. So we have, what is this? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And look at this one, guys. What is it where are you over here let me put it on the weekly look at this one two three four five even six look what it is it's over here guys here it is now you come tell me about Bitcoin come on bro let's be serious let's be serious Bitcoin is just trading like the indexes That's what Bitcoin is. Bitcoin is trading as an index. So, that's why we were so proud about Bitcoin this and Bitcoin that. Bitcoin is trading.

00:38:27
This is so super, super pathetic. I don't know what to say. So yeah, Bitcoins are reaching over here. This is the resistance zone, guys. Like pointed out days ago, so we're now just basically getting rejected from this level and uh let's see, let me see, let me see. So we got the daily indie over here, so they might want to push it but uh I hope that they will push it harder because I want to prepare for the short ETF, so let's see how the markets are going to push today on the news of Trump and then we're gonna talk one moment please why so we're going to talk about a lot of stuff today and it's out-going time, it's out to coin time, it's no time for anything else, it's now only time for Altercoin, Altercoin, Altercoin. So uh this is the part when I'm gonna be a little bit hard for you guys so I'm sorry in advance but I have to do it because it's the only way to make you guys successful at least most of you.

00:39:37
For sure, Trump can push the markets. He can push it high on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Altcoin time. Altcoin time. So let me first of all start with the volume coins. They haven't been released. So you guys are getting the preview. So first of all, this thing. Mew. Mew, mew, mew, mew, mew. Look at this guy. This was exactly what I was telling you. Do you understand now also why I'm always saying, you know, a lot of times you got with the fan members and so on. Mew makes like 80% pump or 70% pump. Then you got these people telling you this. I think that Mew is a good short. Why? One day. What? It bumped 70% in one day. Oh! No. Then I open up my, forget about this one.

00:40:48
This is over here. Then I open up my chart and then I see that, I see that, I see that-Mew is over here, for example. For example. Forget about this one. And then, I'm telling you, you think it might dump hard. Guys, don't short coins at bad information. just don't if you would if you would check all the meme coins that we shorted past in 2024 millionaires were made retail family owners were made we didn't short bottoms guys we shorted tops this is where we shorted also you by the way we shorted over here this is where you can make money i've seen this look this is how you make money this It's how you make money shorting. See this? This is very simple. How do you want to make money shorting over here?

00:41:46
You can make money. I'm not saying that you can't. You can't on the lower time frames. You can make money for sure. But if you are really interested in, you know, like a swing trade. Oh, by the way, talking about swing trades. Big news from my GTC team. They decided to close their monthly trading group. it was a little bit no surprise to me but you know i knew that it was going to happen so they they they they they're going to close their monthly and they're only going uh further with their uh yearly members that's the only thing and you know i'm gonna focus a little bit more on chase trading and on uh on swing trades so a little bit on higher time frames i think That will be also superb.

00:42:32
But, you know, it was sad for the ones that were trading on lower timeframes. So they're going to end that. By the way, I got also a lot of questions. I don't understand why people DM me about the GTC. DM them. Why are you DMing me? Can we join that yearly group? We are interested in the swing trades and this and that. I think they're open to it. I think that if you want to join that yearly group, they will be open. But DM them. Why are you DMing me? So basically, so Mew is showing a lot of power. But now comes the first hard part. I'm not so hard. I'm not so hard. Guys, never, ever, ever short buttons. Just stay away from it. Or focus on the longs.

00:43:18
So Mew is showing some power. It's breaking out over here. A lot of meme points are breaking out, by the way. And while I'm seeing these meme points breaking out, you know. I'm just sitting at my very luxury chair and I'm always having a smile on my face. You know why? Because, yes, we are still going to make millions or thousands or hundreds. It depends on your portfolio. Because I think to myself, the crypto people, because I'm not seeing them as crypto people. For example, let me just give this coin. What is this coin? This is just, just like I explained to you, this is just bullshit. This is just, what is this? This is nothing. This is nothing. This is just nothing. This is just money.

00:44:11
And not even, most of the time, not even real money. It's not even real money. You know, there are a lot of theories about this USDT. You know, basically, is it really money? Because that's the question asked. Because who is checking on Tether or USDC? Who's checking on them? You know, they can create a lot of USDT out of nothing if they wanted to. Who's checking on them? They are saying that they are backing it up with real dollars, but who knows? So they can pump every coin that they want. You know, they can pump, you know. So this is nothing. This is just nothing. There are some theories about, you know, about money laundering. And people call it money. I don't call it money laundering. I have another name for it.

00:45:09
But it's basically the same like the banks are doing. Because the banks do the same thing. Because, you know, governments with money printing, it's the same system. So basically what they're doing in crypto is the same. So your money, your money, your money. So this is the retailer. Your money is real money. This is the real money. When they are pumping up you with not real money, they just use the T, whatever. So when you buy in here and this goes up, they are pushing this up with not real money. But you, your money going in, this is real money that you're putting in. They're putting in just fake money. So when you put in real money, the value of your real money is going up. But, you know, this is the thing with people.

00:46:05
They don't take profits. They don't sell. They think that they're going to the moon. They've got their tricks. I already explained a lot of times how they do that. So what happens is that these people, these wills or scammers or VCs, whoever they are, this fake money, when they sell, they flip their fake money. Into real money, and that's your money, that you are the one, so it's basically just you know, whatever you know, let's pump you up, whatever it doesn't matter, so everyone gets hyped, so I'm interested in you, okay? You go up, you buy it in, so that's real money, your money, because you're working very hard for that money, you put it in, they go up, and then when they dump on you, They flip their fake money into real money.

00:46:58
This goes a little bit deep, but I had to explain it to you guys at some point. I never did it. I did it today. Congrats, guys. Now you know it. So basically, these guys, they make money with no money. So what they do is they make money with no money. They don't have any money, and they're making money. It's crazy. It's madness. But it's just reality. That's just what happens in crypto. That's what happens in crypto. That's why crypto doesn't go to the moon. Crypto does like this: Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Because in this process, this is where they're flipping their fake money into your money. And you have to also keep in mind that a lot of these times, that the That when they sell their coins, like Layer, for example, Better, et cetera, when they sell these coins, a lot of times these people didn't even buy those coins.

00:48:05
You know, I can, if I want, if I want, if I wanted to, I can today get myself billions of tokens, especially for meme coins, if I want it. I can get myself billions and billions and billions of tokens for free. They will all send them to my wallet addresses. And I've got all these meme coins in my wallet address. The only thing that I have to do is shill it to you. That's it. I have to shill it to you. So basically, I've got Mew over here. Because I know it also happened to Mew, by the way. Because I'm getting DMs on a daily basis from these projects. I'm not saying Mew. Similar to these ones. Okay, it's time to start shilling again. Would you want to shill, help us promote Mew, et cetera, et cetera?

00:48:55
Yes, okay. We will send you, I don't know, we'll send you 50K of Mew tokens. They didn't buy those tokens. Those are free tokens. They created them. They created those tokens. So it is no money. It's zero money. So they give me those tokens over here. I start selling them to people. This thing goes up, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And then, you know, over here, I dumped those tokens. So with no money, because the retailer is using his real money on the rise up. And over here, me, tokens, no money. I flipped them into real money. So I'm just, what I'm doing is I'm taking your money. You're giving me your money. You just are giving me your money. I know, I know.

00:49:56
It's pretty depressing when I explain these things. I understand that a lot of people, they come into crypto, they think that, you know, oh my God, I'm going to buy this project. It's going to make me a thousand. I'm going to be super filthy rich. You can get rich, but not this way. You have to get rich by outsmarting these people. You have to understand how the game is played. You have to understand what's happening behind the scenes. You have to understand, you know, I can make millions of dollars by shilling coins. I will never do that even if they would offer me billions or trillions. I will never do it. Because why? Because I'm the biggest enemy of greed. There is no money in the world that would make me wreck even if it's one person from the retail family.

00:50:39
There is no money in the world that will make me do that. But you have to understand that I'm a special guy. But 90% of the other people that you know, also on YouTube, on Twitter, they don't care. They don't care. And they see, okay, this meme was going to pump. We're going to give you like 100K of those tokens and you just start shilling them. You will not hesitate. You will do it in an eye blink. And I think that not only these influencers, I think that 90% of people in the world would do it. It's just how it is. Maybe you guys, maybe 99% of you guys would do it. I don't know. It could be.

00:51:27
There aren't a lot of people in the world that are strong and have, you know, principles and, you know, no money in the world can change, you know. It's just like I always tell you guys, you know, something that I don't want for myself, I also don't want for anyone else. That's the rule and the code that I live by. That's simple. Something that I wouldn't want anyone to wreck me. So I'll also not wreck you. So anything I don't want for myself, I don't want it for anyone else. So, okay. So enough about this. I hope, I hope that you guys a little bit. Now comes the fact. Okay. We all know that this is Bond's. We all know how they're making money. How are we going to make money?

00:52:11
That's the good question. That's the good question. That's the question I was looking for. And this is how you're going to make money. You have to always, when you're trading, you have to always keep in mind: okay, I'm longing now this nonsense. I'm just longing it to increase my portfolio, to make money. That's all it is. I don't give a crap about mu, pu, k, z, x. It doesn't matter. I'm only out here to make money, so that's what I want you to focus on, so while you're trading and you're seeing your gains going up, I want you to focus only on okay, I have to close those games; I have to secure profits; I have to follow it up. I've got my indie, my best friend, he'll show me the way, so let's see how the indie has been.

00:52:51
I haven't been checking on it by the way. But let's see. This is exactly what I've been warning you about and telling you about also in the weekend while you guys are trading. I told you, listen, guys, what you have to do is you have to use the MW indicator on the 15 minutes and on the 5 minutes because it will blow your mind. Well, this is an example how your mind gets blown. Because why? These same people that are trying to ramp up all these altcoins. This is what they do. The MW indicator on a five minute, a 50 minute will make you filthy rich. And now you can tell me, but MW, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to just freaking listen.

00:53:28
You have to listen. When I say something on Twitter, you listen. Don't let your emotions, don't let your greed, don't let your thoughts, don't let your wife, don't let your girlfriend, don't let your boyfriend, don't let them distract you from what is going to make you successful in trading. When I tell you to listen, just listen. So if the indicator shows you, okay, boom, boom, boom, we're going up, you just follow the damn thing. You just follow the damn thing, don't think about it. So what you do is you start with the one hour. You start with the one hour, you look at this thing. And then, by the way, guys, how to catch this, you have to follow the volume coins. So not all the coins will do something like this.

00:54:06
You have to follow the volume coins. You have to know where the money is flowing. So, for example, if Mew has got, I don't know, a market cap of 100 million and the volume is 80 million or 200 million, 150, then you know this could happen. Because a lot of people, but MW, but we don't know it. No, exactly. You don't know it. That's why we have GTC Insider. That's why we're sharing this article. That's why I'm making these live streams. That's why you're here with us at this moment as we speak. Because look at this. Look at this. Look at this. I know that this, you see this, you see this. I think, without even checking it, I haven't checked it, but I think that this rise, I think that the five-minute indicator has been causing this rise.

00:54:47
I didn't even, you know, I don't, I swear I didn't check it. Let's put it on. You see, it's, I swear to you guys, I didn't check this. I just, you know, look at this. So even while this thing, while this thing, while this thing, you have to see it like this. Even while this thing has been making this rise up, it could go much higher. I have to trust the damn indicator because this move up, guys, you know, you have to see it like this. This move up from here to here. This is a 5%. This is a lot of money while you're trading. This is a lot of money while you're trading. Just look at this. It came down, up, returns up.

00:55:33
And especially when you see this, when you see this thing getting below it, but they hold it above the Indy, and most of the time, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And it can even, when you put it on the 50 minutes, look at the 50 minutes. Above it, confirmation and this, this was that same spike that I'm explaining you guys about, so it goes below it, you think oh it's going down, it's going down, no only you need to wait for the candle close the candle close above it, retest it and off she went, and then over here, this is on the 50 minute, over here, the five minutes will take over, this is the bullish, this is how bullish this thing, okay we're up five minutes, Let me go to the next one.

00:56:22
So that's mu. Let me go to the next one. What is this? Nil. I really have no clue what this nil is, by the way. I really have no clue what this nil is. Does anyone know what nil is? I don't know. But there is. Oh. Okay. This one needs a little bit. A little bit of. I want to check this. This is a nil. What is nil? What is nil? Never heard of this. Nillion. A nillion. Nillion, and this is Nillion. Bienvenue à Nillion, Nillion, Nillion, Nillion, Nillion. Nillion is a blind computer, private store, AI, oh my God. Guys, let me be super honest with you guys. I'm done with this AI. You know, this AI bubble, and I want you guys, every one of you guys, all these AI projects, be very careful with it.

00:57:20
I think that AI is, you know, AI, we top-topped. It's done. Only thing that we're seeing now with AI is we are seeing this bearish, you know, bearish. I think that, you know, AI, okay, we've got AI, we've got DeepSeq, we've got them all. Okay, done. We have this technology here. Now let's wait for the next technology. Let's wait how they're going to make AI better, whatever, or something else. Because a lot of people, they're still in this AI, AI, AI. Listen, AI is done. We topped out. So everyone that has got AI has got AI on his phone. You've got JetGPT, DeepSea, whatever. That's it. I don't see a lot of AI. And this crypto AI, this is also something AI. NIL is a native utility of the network that is used for network fee, whatever, stake, insecure, governance. It's, you know. I think that these projects, what they basically do is they just copy-paste and they put some description. Okay, this is what we do. Yes, let's go and let's pump our, please pump our coin. So we can get filthy rich and you can get super poor. So Nil. Nil is a possible short ETF coin.

00:58:39
not now, just wait for it, wait for it, wait for it, so let's see, uh, there's a lot of volume going on over here, guys, so this thing is for now just holding the five-minute indicators, it's the same just like I was explaining, so let me go to the next, oh, the list of the short ETF will be great by the way, but why was I telling you about short ETF? You have to keep in mind that short ETF will be coins that are looking like this and not looking like this, Mu will never be on a short ETF. You have to understand that. This is not short ETF. Or if Mu would be tomorrow over here, that changes everything. But this is not, you will not find a coin that looks like this on a short ETF. To understand, guys.

00:59:37
okay so let me go to the next so nil keep now nil tutorial let's see what is this tutorial what is this tutorial what is this what is this you know you're gonna see a lot of points coming out of nowhere everyone whatever So basically, so basically, tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut

01:00:16
tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut

01:00:37
uh not looking so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad so at this pump back to the indicator four hour now it's ramping up keep an eye on this keep an eye on this but guys a lot of volume it has a market gap of 27 million with a volume of almost 100 million so this is uh oh my god please don't tell me Tutoro is an AI-powered educational tool designed to help people learn about blockchain, cryptocurrencies, especially the BNB chain. Oh, BNB chain. I was over CCs behind this one. Even more bullish. The first product, Tutoro Agent, is a smart tutorial that uses artificial intelligence to break down complex topics like, you know, setting up a crypto wallet, trading on decentralized exchanges, or even writing smart contracts into byte size.

01:01:26
Easy to understand. So basically, so everyone can you know everyone can write his own smart contract platform so i'm sorry charles but you suck i'm sorry vitalik but you suck so all your ecosystems we can just build the same ones using ai so i'm sorry i'm just sorry guys so this is again ai crap so ai crap ai crap a little bit with binance not sorry not minus with binance No? How did she say it? Binance. Yeah. So this is a little bit supported by Binance. So if you want to make money by Binance, this is one of those coins. Oh, so sick of this. So if you want to make money with the Binance, you can make money with Binance. This is bananas. So keep an eye on this one, guys.

01:02:28
There's a huge volume going on over here. So this is one of those coins. Use it on the five minutes or on the 15 minutes, and you might hit that next spike. Yep. So let me go to the next. Casper. Casper. Casper. So Casper. Monsieur Casper. Look at this. This is old. So, oh, this chart is really old, by the way, guys. So we had this run up so Casper, you know a lot of you guys don't know this story but Casper, they asked me to do a vid about Casper not paid, not shield, it was not from Casper itself, it was from a read of a member that has been with me for a long time, he killed my balls about it and w would you please do a vid about Casper?

01:03:20
Are you sure you want me to do that? And I know that this read of a member, there were some people from Casper, Casper behind him. And they were pushing him through this read of a member for me to do it. So I told him, listen, I'm going to do it. But you know me. Okay. Are you sure you want me to do that? Yes. He told me. So I did that. I told, I just told you, okay, guys, this was over here. I think somewhere. Okay. I'm going to do this. While I did that. Guys, this thing will dump so hard you can't even imagine. Oh, let's just say they regretted the day that they asked me to do a bit about that coin, that's just what it is.

01:04:03
I'm going to tell you how I think I'm going to give you an honest opinion that I had: I told you, listen guys, I think this thing will dump down well, it did dump down, so uh, but also a lot of um, a lot of uh volume going on on this one, so yeah, keep an eye on this one. Also, volume mask mask had that big dump, I know it was a delay, so you don't know what it was, but this dump was really madness, but look at this, look so mask, so this is beautiful, just when you think it's going to zero it pops up, so uh, keep an eye on mask also, a lot of volume going on, a mask, uh vida, this is, uh, Solana domain, whatever.

01:04:44
Keep an eye on this one; this one is very interesting, on the this one is very interesting on the this one is pretty interesting, I think, I think, I think, yeah, je pense, je pense, je pense, yes. It's looking good, guys. This is, by the way, guys, this is Solana related. Bonvida is known as a top infrastructure developer on Solana to allocate the accolade, whatever. Okay, okay, okay. So keep an eye on this one. There's a lot of horn going on. So I don't know, you guys tell me. Look, look, look, see, look, see. and w listen mw i'm liking this bonvida you know i'm liking it you know i'm just liking it so

01:05:48
i want to trade it yes yes and how are you going to do it i'm going to put the indicator i'm going to buy here or i'm going to buy here i'm going to buy here or maybe even i'm going to buy it so it's holding the indicators i'm going to make another money you know to be honest i really don't care about bovie then i also don't care about solana i just want to make money yes yeah you're right that's what you should do And this is exactly also what I've been explaining you in the weekend. Use the five or 50 minutes and just make money. So let me go to the next. Next, this is one of our long ETFs. Beautiful. Look at this. What a beauty.

01:06:33
Beautiful. Beautiful. Look at these big dumps, guys. Do you understand why I would put a coin like this on my long ETF? It's that simple. That's why. Look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. So basically, so next level of serious resistance is over here, in my opinion. So I think that AXL, I think there's still some, you know. Still got some you know but it's this AI AI AI AI and I think that AI is just going for the parish retest so there will there will be some AI-related coins my shorty Df just be sure about that one but let's see guys it's the same story 15 minutes in out in out boom in boom in there she goes again. You got this coin, this wallet, or I don't know what it is.

01:07:29
VCT, VCT, VCT. Oh, VCT Wallet Connect. Oh, VCT. Please don't tell me you're going to be one of those. VCT, VCT. You're not a child of VCT. I need to check this VCT, VCT. It's Wallet Connect, whatever, Wallet Connect, Wallet Connect. They've got some more history. Let's see. CoinX. Mm-hmm. So this is a pretty new project. This is on CoinX. Looks a little bit different. What is this? Wallet Connect. We need to check on this, guys. We need to check on this Wallet Connect. A lot of volume going on over here, so we might make some big money on this one. Wallet Connect. Wallet Connect. Wallet Connect, yes. Wallet Connect. Let's see what it is, guys. Let's talk about it. The Wallet Connect network is an on-chain UX ecosystem, powering one-on-one connections for over 200 users.

01:08:45
Of course, all changes over this underline network; you see how boring this is. I'm getting sleepy while I'm reading this, so all of that token is integral the new future and this wallet this wallet that you've got, like a we've got a zillion wallets! What we need is money; we don't need wallets, we need money to fill those wallets. Do you guys agree with me or do you think not now? I'm working on this WCT wallet, you know. Although we've got a billion wallets already, but you know this is bullish for the marks because we have a new wallet over here so this could also be one of those uh short ETF coins, guys – you know.

01:09:34
The list will be shared by the way on Patreon and on the Telegram group, and in the free private So the list will get shared when I'm going to do it. I'm not going to share it on Twitter, by the way. So the list will be shared after it, after it, then I'll share it on Twitter maybe. But look at this, look at this guy! If this, you know, if these levels will get hit, you know, I'm going to get super hungry. I'm going to get super hungry. You know, they don't eat, they don't eat. But for now, so let me put on a 15-minute timer. Let's see how it's looking. Because it's, oh, it's testing now. It's testing.

01:10:10
It's testing now, look at this, look at this, boom, okay, so let me go to this one also, act, act is acting, all these BS coins. Look at this, by the way, guys, oh wait a minute, you know, you see this, wait a minute. Let me show you guys to mix, listen, I want every single one of you guys in this live stream to be rich, filthy rich, that's what I want, I want you to be rich because I'm showing you, I'm gonna show you how to get rich so let's look at this, look at this for example. Let me give you an example, let me give you an example, an example. So we've got this BS act, whatever.

01:11:05
Why? Why? Why? Now, this is not the act. This is the wrong one. I'm sorry. Okay, we still got hope. We still got hope. This act. There's another act. This is the one. This is, yes, this is. Listen, guys. So, if you want to trade with Indy, I think this is one of the best choices because why? This, I love when I see this. So what we're seeing over here is we're seeing this thing just was Detroit. By the way, we shorted this for those who remember. Yes, that's how good we are. I'm sorry, I cannot help myself. We're just the best traders on the website. I'm sorry. You know, you can disagree to disagree, you know, whatever. No, I don't care. Just go to my Twitter feed and you'll find all the facts there.

01:11:50
But listen, listen, guys, listen. This is, this is one of those exams I want to show you guys. So for example, you put on a line over here. Okay. This was a dump. There's nothing over here. This was just dump. So what does this mean? When this dump happened over here, this dump, there is nothing. Nothing happened over here. Nothing happened over here after this dump. So after this dump, we've got some price action over here. So what does this mean? This means that this is empty space. There's empty space over here. While there is empty space over there, it means that this thing could rocket up. I'm not saying that it will 100%, but it could. It could rock it up. Because it's the same on the dump, it's the same on the pump.

01:12:37
So this thing, look at this, look at this indicator. Look at the indicator. Listen like I'm explaining you. Brick up, come down, hold the support, flip resistance into support. Over here, same story over here. And over here, now it's trying to break out. We don't have any confirmation yet. It needs to close the body above the Indy. But this is because this move only up from here to here. This is a double. Double. You double your money. Money. You understand? Money. There is money. Money. Money. You double your money. I'm going to make French live streams, by the way, and YouTube videos for the French people very soon. So my French sucks even more than my English, but whatever. It's about, you know, I think that the French will understand, you know, you know, you know, you know.

01:13:44
I think that they do understand that one. They all understand the language of money. But this is one of those coins, guys. So look at this. Look at this. Look at this beauty. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Look at this. Look at this. So you're just surfing over here. Surf, surf, surf, surf. Up, up, down, out. Okay, we're going to wait. You could even show this. Okay, we're in again. By the way, guys, don't focus on 10 coins, 20 coins, 30 coins. Just focus on three, four, five coins max. That's all you need. You got to catch all the coins. You got to buy all the coins. And at the end of the road, it's the same. If you got like a 100K portfolio and you got to buy 50 coins, on average, they go up 20%.

01:14:29
Or you just bought three coins, especially the ones that MW is pointing out with a lot of volume. And then you got to make. I want to make 50%. No need. And don't get distracted by, you know, you have to isolate yourself. So when you're focused, when you're trading, when you're making money, you just have a plan. You go sit. Okay, wait a minute. Where are the volume points? Oh, there they are. Okay, that's GC Insider. Thank you. You got to put them on your charts. You got to put them on your indicator. Max three, four. You got to put them. Maybe you can even put them like this, you know. Okay, I'm going to trade these three points. I'm going to put the indicator on them.

01:15:03
I'm going to check it out like this. There we go! Yes, in our profits, secure profits higher up, stop loss. Let's go, let's go! This thing is popping so hard, let's go, higher up, higher up! Just this is what I want, you this is how you're gonna get rich, so just listen, okay? So look at this: three months' candle, three monthly candle on the VIX, by the way guys. Look at this! But listen, guys, listen. Okay, so let me go back, let me go back, let me go back. These are ones, you know? These are ones. You have to be checking, keep an eye, put your alarms on it. I'm telling you this, you know. I would love this thing to come back to the one-hour indie, by the way.

01:15:56
But, you know, there's so much FOMO going on at this point. Coins are not retracing. They're just not retracing. So let me go to the next, by the way, guys. So we got Pandix. Pundix lost a little bit of momentum, but the volume is getting in again. So I don't know what's going on with this Pundix and this Pundi AI. And everything AI related is out of the sudden bullish again. Whatever. So we've got this Vine, by the way. This is a meme coin. Elon Musk likes to chill this. Pump and dump coin as you guys can see, this is a pretty big retrace back down so just trade it, trade it because you know it could reverse and look at the four-hour-oh my god, look at this!

01:16:37
So out of nothing you can see there again, you know that's how fast it goes. This is a double, guy, you just double your money, so keep an eye put on the indicator, guys. You don't have to listen for now, this is better. You need to get above it. But listen, guys, you don't have to worry about the short ETF or whatever. That's my job. Now I'll wait. For now, you just trade the indicator. That's all you have to do. Now we've got this Mubarak. So Mr. CZ is really whatever it is. It's a joke. But do you see this candle up? This is exactly what I'm explaining-there's nothing happening. It's just one big dump. My God, when I see those charts, you know I got a little bit sick and then we got this ETH5, yeah, you know Ethereum, and you know we got this ETH5, a lot of volume, look at this, look at this, look at this, so whatever there's a lot of volume going on on this on this coin.

01:17:31
Also by the way, a goat, God, you remember Goat Guys, look at Goat, look at Goat, Goat, Goat, Maximus, Maximus, Maximus, Maximus, My name is Aurelio Maximus, you know, and I come for revenge. Yes, I'm going to revenge my wife. I'm going to revenge my son. Then I'm going to meet them in the afterlife. That's what I'm going to do because I'm Maximus. Maximus. Maximus. Maximus. What are you doing, Maximus? Whoa. Six X from the bottom. Impressive, Maximus. Impressive Maximus, impressive! Look at this, look at it. You know every time when I see this, you know I wish I had someone that could always inform me. Listen, I'm dropping, we got this coin; it's on the indie and it's retesting it, and it's going up-oh, because I didn't see this! Look at this again, rejected back up, back to the indicator just like I warned you guys when it goes back to the indicators for the retest that's when they will bounce up and pump up.

01:18:48
Because I know exactly what I said that to you around these levels over here, guys. It breaks up after it comes back for a retest, and then it goes up. So we did-you know, so we did. Uh, I missed this one completely, by the way, guys. I cannot see all these altcoins; this is this is massive. I think this thing already pumped up pretty much, so you know I would be very careful with this one. But look at this 15-minute indie-I really hate it; I really hate my own indie; I just hate it! You see, you know, there's one guy he told me, 'Mw listen, I'm shorting some altcoins and every time when I see them going so you have to see it like this.

01:19:31
So some some some read the phone member-he's shorting code for example for whatever reason I don't know why but you know. Then you know uh, he sees over here; this was his entry. Season coming up and then And then he sees he has got the indicator on his chart. Oh my, please don't hold the indicator. Please don't hold it. Please don't below it. Please, please, please don't hold it. And then you see, poof, up. I really hate you, MW. I hate your indicator. And then it comes back down into the area. Oh, please, please, please don't hold the damn indicator. Just down, down, just down, down. And then he sees, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I hate you, MW. Why? Why did you create this damn thing? Why?

01:20:12
You know, guys, you have to understand what I'm telling you is just pure reality. It's, you know, this happens every day again and again. Some people, they have my indicator. They understand my indicator. But what they do is, you know, I don't know why, because something in their mind tells them, okay, just short this. Why? I don't know. I just wanted to short it. And then they put on the indicator and then, please, please. So they don't even take profits or just decrease them. No, no, they just. Please, because it's like a sport to them. We're going to make a sport out of it. How are we going to make sure that MW's indicator gets broken? That's what they're putting their money on.

01:21:04
yeah i agree with you trying about that act act is a lot of crappy crap but keep an eye on it even crap you know most of the coins are crap and they pump up like crazy so yeah who are we to tell that it's crap so um this one's also interesting this one yes this one this one i was really eyeing this one and uh this was really look at this look at this don't you get you know when you just watch this guys Look at this. Look at this, guys. Just look at this. Look at it. Look at it. Oh, MW, sorry, but we didn't listen. Look at this. Look at this, guys. There is one thing when you are in this live stream. There's one thing you need to understand.

01:22:03
You didn't miss anything because this will happen every day. Money flows from projects to other projects to other projects. The most important part, why I keep repeating myself, is that you guys will use this indicator the same way tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or next week. Look at this. Just look at it. Just look at this. On one hour. Oh, MW, I'm shorting it. I'm shorting it. Yes, but it's hitting the indicator. No, no, no, I'm shorting it. It's going down. Okay, MW, now I'm shorting it from here. I don't care anymore. Okay, it really topped out. Okay, the indicator is going to break down. No, take some profit. No, I will not take profit. It's going to break below your indicator.

01:23:03
This is the most important part of this whole live stream. I want you to listen to me very good now. Listen to me. Listen to me, please. What you have to do if you want to make money in crypto, you need to not think. Because your mind is created and you have been educated to think the logical way. But in trading and investing, everything goes the opposite of logic. That's the reason why I say to you, if you're going to think logically, you're going to lose money. You have to think non-logically. And how are you going to stop pumping now? I'm getting angry. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't pump more. So what I want you to do is I want you to stop thinking. I want you to stop thinking and start acting.

01:23:56
And just act based on what you see don't be afraid don't fear the markets just do it you gotta stop loss or you stay on the charts if it gets invalidated you just jump out so be it if you're gonna lose three four five percent but if you're gonna catch it you gotta make three hundred four hundred five hundred thousand two thousand percent. How much more do I need to repeat myself to you guys? Please, please start acting. Stop, you know, I know a lot of you guys are wasting time on, you know, following these crypto influencers, feeds, readings. Don't read, don't follow, don't. Just start acting. If you're making money, don't even watch my live streams. Spend your time acting, trading. Go trade, trade, trade. Make the freaking money while you can now, please.

01:24:54
I'm begging you. Only rest my life is to see the altcoins that I'm eyeing and the ones that are showing power so you can show real power to them. Okay, that was scary. Look at this, guys. Look at this. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it respected the India. By the way, guys, let me give you guys a very good example. So this is a good example of in it not respecting the indicator. Look at this. This means that you will be ins and outs out there. There will be ins and outs, but it doesn't matter. You lose 2%, 3% on breakeven, but this is where you catch it. This is where you catch it. This is where you catch it. Over here, you're out.

01:25:37
You just don't do anything. Or you go into short, whatever you want. But over here, you wait. Okay, here we're in. You lose breakeven. Here we're going to make money. You're out. Over here, you're going to go in again. Here's where you're going to kill it. You're out over here. Here's where you go in again. Here's where you're going to kill it. And then over here, you're out. You wait for it. You wait for it. You make money, break even, make money, break even. Over here, you're killing it again. This is how it works. This is the system. But people, you know, when they make one trade, two trades, maybe, you know, for example, over here, oh, it went up. Oh, it came down. And then you will never go in again.

01:26:15
And then over here, it goes in again. And then, oh, I'm out. Oh, crappy. You have to be patient with this. Look at this. It's still going. Oh, my God. Okay, let me tell you this, guys. Let me give you guys one preview because you guys are over here for the preview, right? Everyone is over here for the preview. So you guys just want to know. You want to know, so you want to know my preview, right? You see this coin? Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Because why? Because I just love you guys. I just love you guys. I don't know why I love you. I don't even know you guys, but I love you guys. I don’t know why. I really don’t know why I love you guys. That’s what I’m telling you. I’m telling you because I love you guys. I don’t know why I love you guys. In it. In it. In it. In it. I’m in it. I’m in it. You’re in it. I’m in it. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it.

01:27:43
Okay, so I'm gonna give you guys one big uh you know one one one one more preview okay so I'm gonna tell you guys for sure so this is the first uh thing that I'm gonna say I'm gonna tell you guys for sure and it is gonna be the first coin official coin On my short ETF. Yes, that's what I said. Yes. Go in it. Go, go, go, go in it. Go, go, go, go in it. Look at it. Look at it. Go, go in it. You can do it. Come on. Come on. Higher, higher, higher. Come on. So guys, so you know it by now. I've told you. Nobody is going to tell it to you, you're the first ones that know about this; not even the free private knows about this, so in it is uh the first, the coin on my shortage here, so uh congratulated everyone, you know it now, so you need, you need it.

01:28:41
Let me check, let me check if the team is easy if the team is so this is basically what I do guys. So, First of all, what we do is we, first of all, we make sure. Let me see, let me see, let me see, guys. Does the team, does the team, does the team agree? Oh, fuck it. Wait a minute, guys. Oops, oops. Oh, the financial markets are ramping up, by the way. Oh, look at this, guys. Oh, look at the pump. Oh, this is great. This is great. Oh, financial markets are pumping like crazy. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? The Trump effect. The Trump effect, guys. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. I'm seeing this, guys.

01:29:47
This is FOMO. You see what you're seeing over here? This is FOMO. This is how FOMO looks like. So congrats to you. This is how FOMO looks like. You're seeing this? This is what I'm telling you. You have to trade the indicator. Don't care about it. Look at this. Look at this. Above it. Boom. Boom. You got to make sick money, but you just have to don't think about, oh, wait a minute. This thing went too high. Oh, this thing is going. Don't think about this. It's not about what your logic mind is telling you. Don't listen to your logic mind. Freak your F your logic mind. F everything that's logic. Because if you got to trade logic, you know, everything that is bubbling up and going up, it shouldn't be up anyway.

01:30:27
But so don't care. If you want to make money, stop it. Just stop it. In it. Stop it. You just let the indie do the thinking for you. Because the indie, the indie is the best AI bot that I created for you guys. The indie doesn't care about feelings or scams or policies or reality. In it, the indicator, it just follows where the money is flowing. Look at this, look at this, look at this. Okay, so this is the first coin that I'm announcing officially now. So this thing will be a majority. Okay? Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish. You know, wait a minute. Let me let me let me let me let me let me add it, I know I don't care, you know I don't care, I don't care, let me let me, you know.

01:31:17
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I think it's time that you guys, you guys deserve this, you guys deserve this, you guys deserve this. Um, I think that in it uh is uh, let me let me put it on, I'm gonna put it on the shortage here for one moment please because uh, you need to okay, there it is, it's officially is it official now let me see no, it's not official yet so, you guys are live seeing now come on, it needs to be official on the short ETF, okay, now it's official on the short ETF. Congrats guys, you've been here live, so this is the first, this is the first coin for the short ETF, this is the first coin on the short ETF. Let me make it uh rather, This will at the right moment, this thing will be DCA started shorting into the short. But not yet, not yet. Let the FOMO fit. Oh, we're going into, oh, it's something like this. Look at this. Look at this chart, guys. This is just crazy. It's madness. Look at this. Are you seeing this? FOMO. It's just, you know.

01:32:41
What is this, by the way? Let me talk. Initiate is a network for interwoven rollups combining L1 into interwoven system customized app chains. And this is rollup, teams, build, location, whatever. Rollups. Oh, this is something with rollups. Rollups, this, right, you know. I already shorted a lot of rollups, so why not short the crap out of this rollup? Guys, this thing will, the short ETF will kill this thing is very small, but this thing um, I'm gonna analyze this thing; I'm gonna short the crap out of this one so okay, so that's about the data in it. So now I'm gonna do one from the live chat by the way, very long live stream today but I don't care, you guys deserve it, but for the ones that have to work, you can watch it later so uh; 1:33, 1 hour 33 minutes.

01:33:45
China lowered. Oh, there's some news. I thought so, because this pump was pretty, this pump was pretty hard. Oh, there you go. Oh, there I was breaking out. So it's, you know, this is it. This is it. So even this, this, this is broken; this is broken up guys. This resistance. Let's see. I was going to close because we've got the weekly over here. So we got some news. So it's, you know, the bullish sentiment is just getting fed up more and more. And I think that this was also the reason why we had; let me check one moment. This is also the reason, by the way, that we had that; why we had that gap because of this news. So whether we got a channel to lower tariffs to 10%.

01:34:29
Okay. So it's, you know, it's they're playing the game. And when the game is played, that's when the reality will hit in. So, how did Bitcoin react to this news by the way, because I'm not seeing Bitcoin, where's Bitcoin? I need my Bitcoin so while we're doing this and I'm telling you, follow them in the ads, see there we go so Bitcoin just breaks through this news also okay so that is a great that is great so that explains basically that explains the that explains the what's going on over here. Wait a minute, guys. That's what I'm telling you guys. The markets are very, very hard. So what you have to do is you have to always follow the Indy.

01:35:21
It's all about the Indy because the Indy will give you, don't listen to me when I'm doing the short ETF because I'll announce it. When I announce it, I'm not doing it based on the Indy. I will do it based on connecting the dots. It's another style. But when you're trading, you have to follow the Indy. So if the Indy's telling you, okay, Bitcoin, 4-hour, it's holding, and then boom, up. It's the same with all those altcoins that I'm showing you guys. So where are they? The volume coins. So just trade the crap out of them over and over again. So let's see. Oh, by the way, we've got WIF also. Look at WIF. Oh, WIF. Oh, WIF. Look at WIF. By the way, guys, when you see these meme coins pumping up like crazy.

01:36:03
Oh, we've reached 30 cents forex so this is what you're seeing over here; this is just Ponzi VCs cameras they're pumping these meme points just in case that you guys are interested in knowing this um I had over here I just paid my monthly GDC membership with Init and Mu. But, you know, Mr. Pedro Costa, it's because you listen. Because I'm telling you, when this happens, because this is how people think. People think, 'Oh, wait a minute, MW is going to put it on the short ETF, so I'm not going to long this.' That's not how it works. You just trust the damn indicator. When the indicator, just trust it. When it goes, when the formal hits in, when the volume hits in.

01:37:04
Yeah, just have to you know it's it's very hard for me to explain this but let's see let's see I now have to I really have to analyze the markets now based on the news that just came out so let's see what's going on with Dexi doing by the way oh Dex is almost reaching my target with that news ah taxi, taxi, decks you're naughty, naughty, taxi, naughty, naughty, taxi. So this was the news. Let's see how it's going to react. So the VIX. So be very careful, guys. Be very careful, guys. So just trust the Indy. I will share the short ETF when it's done. Alarms going off like crazy on all stocks. Whoa. Yeah. Don't be too excited, Bob. So it was the news. It was the India.

01:37:59
Mw, India-Pakistan problems are going to start again and a bit more escalated this time. I really don't hope so; I really, really don't hope so. But I do get it: you know, you've got these Indian people-very proud people. Pakistani people are very proud, and you know now you get this: you know, you know the Pakistani people; they made some uh, the army; they made some you know some good moves with their airplanes. And now they're very proud of it. And, you know, they say it. And now the Indian people are, like, humiliated. And now we need to hit them back. You know, it's just this: you know, it's Tom and Jerry story. And you're just playing with lives of people. So I really hope; I really hope it doesn't happen.

01:38:51
Okay, so that's about it, guys. I really love you guys. Guys, please, please-this live stream. I've been repeating myself over and over again. Please just trade the indicator. Put in a 5-minute, 15-minute, trade the indicator. Don't think; don't think. For example, oh, the terrorists are out. Oh, the terrorists are out. China's going to vote. Oh, so we're going to the moon now. Or, for example, oh, but, you know, something else happens. Oh, but we've got to dump now. The moment you start thinking like this is the moment that you're going to start losing money. Listen to what I'm saying now. Please listen. Whatever it is that you're reading on the news, if you listen to that and you're going to act on it trading, you will lose money. Please don't think.

01:39:38
Don't think because of that the markets will go there or because of that the markets will go there or because of this. Don't connect those dots. Those are the wrong dots. Because you're getting the wrong information. You have to. Because, you know, this is something also. Basically, I'm going to do something. I'm going to do something and I'm going to do it with you guys together. Why not? We're going to do it together. Before I'm going to close it up. We're going to do it together. So, okay. Let's get into it. And we're going to do it together. Then I'm going to post it on X. So I'm going to do it together with you guys. So bear with me. We're going to do something together.

01:40:22
And this is why I'm saying this to you guys, because this is just how it is. Look at this. Look at this. We're going to put it on the weekly. We're going to remove the indicator. We don't need it. Okay, guys. So basically what we have over here, we have the Bitcoin chart. Yes? Okay. Now I want someone from the chat that is using ChatGPT. I want you to go get me the dates of the beginning of the Ukraine-Russia war. I want you to get me the dates of the 7th October Middle East war. I want you to get me the date of the India-Pakistan war. uh start of the war and i want you also to get me uh the date when um the iran israel thing happened so i want you to get me those dates please get me those dates and write them in the chat please so give me all those dates and then we i'm gonna show you guys something I'm going to show you.

01:41:30
So give me all those days, please. And why is this so important? This is very important because, because this is super important because it will show you, it will show you exactly what I was explaining at the end. Don't listen to what the news is telling you, please. Don't listen to what the news is telling you because the moment you start listening to what the news is telling you, it's how you get wrecked. You have to do it, that's what I'm telling you-when the money flows in, the money is flowing in very big in crypto now, trust the damn indie on the five minutes, trust it on the on the 50 minutes just act on it and you know you're gonna get, you know maybe you're gonna get lucky, that's luck that you know it pumps up like 30, 40, 50 out of nothing then you know you see your money running

01:42:22
I never dreamed, you know. So, nobody check for me today. You guys are really helpful. Okay, I'm going to do it myself. And I'm going to share it on Twitter. So, thank you so much. Have a nice one. And until the next one. And bye-bye.
