*** Live Stream 04-03-2025 Is the Best Crypro Trader on the webs buying Altcoins Now *** 

00:00:01
Three, two, one, go! Welcome, welcome, welcome, retail fam, MW! I'm welcome welcome today. Oh, retail fam, you have been making so much noise, I've been seeing on Twitter. Well, I was a little bit distracted with some other things, I'm setting up my new office, my new desk, so I'm a bit off, you know, a bit off, but you know, I know that you guys are killing it every day again and again because why? I'm going to tell you why we kill it every day. Because we don't trade based on what happened yesterday or the day before or the same day. We already prepare ourselves. You know, we prepare ourselves. Okay, we're here. We're going there. And then we're going to go there. And from there, we're going to take it there.

00:00:42
You know, when you own that, when you have those skills, when you prepare people for that. You don't have to update them. They know what to do. They know what to do. And all those P & L's on Twitter, I think those are showing you. What we're doing, you got the MW indicator, I'm always saying it when I'm not around the MW indicator is always around, so he will show you the way and you just trade the thing to death. So welcome, welcome, welcome! All we're going to talk about a lot of financial markets. It's going to be a long stream, so we're going to talk about financial markets, we're going to talk about Trump, we're going to talk about Bitcoin, we're going to talk about dominance, back sheet gold, silver, DXY, uh, we're going to talk about a lot and after that we're going to talk about a lot of altcoins A lot of altcoins.

00:01:22
And I'm going to give you guys my honest opinion, what I think will happen and why it will happen, how it will happen. And, you know, this is going to be one of those, you know, one of those shows when, you know, when I make some predictions and then you just wait for them to play out. That's it. So Salsara is with us. So shout out to Salsara. She's with us today also. So I would suggest Salsara. Shout out to her. And I suggest you guys will make some noise. And we'll let the music run. Boom, boom.

00:03:33
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What do we got? What do we got there? Seems everyone is printing money. Who is this guy? Who is this Chinese lettuce? Seems everyone is printing money. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We got Raza. We got Rex. We got Nicolas. We got Pedro. We got Sue Park. We got Dil Claro. Travel, my bro. Here we got something with Chinese or Korean lettuce. I don't know. If you're Korean or Chinese, let us know. Let us know. Let us know. Are you Chinese or Korean? Hello, everyone. Well, hello to you also. So what is it, Ziggy? We've got DillVision. We've got Leon. We've got TopDog. Oh, my God. TopDog is in out.

00:04:14
Elcon. Janice, the trader. TopDog. Janice. MudDog. John. RiffPop. Bonjour. LS. We got, what do we got? Field C on the States. We got, yeah, that's about that. There are not a lot of people in here. How is this possible? You only got 27 people in here. That's impossible. Oh, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me. We are, something is not right. We are alive now. Something is not right. Something is not right. Where is the rest? Where are they? Where is the rest? Where is everyone? Something ain't right. Something ain't right. I hope that the patrons have got there. Did the patrons get their links? I think they did. I'm also on Telegram. 27? Okay, well, I don't know what's going on.

00:05:05
I hope that they all got, yeah, they should be all having, they should be getting in. Let me click it. Let me see if it's working. Yes, it's working. Okay, okay, okay. Oh, that's strange. That's so strange. Where is everyone? Okay, whatever. We're going to jump in. We're going to jump in, guys. So first of all, we're going to start with this one. This one is bouncy. Listen, for the ones that have been watching my last stream. you know i told you again and again and again we're gonna test this red zone it's just that simple you gotta test it so it was no doubt to me it was no this is no surprise to me nothing we were going to test this red zone and we're testing it right now so the big question now is are we gonna hold it yes or no because why because we didn't touch it over here we're now in it so now is really when the boost the wall street boost will start

00:05:57
Start fighting back against this terrorist or whatever. You guys know me. I'm not about this terrorist or whatever. It's not about terrorists. The markets need to come down anyway. So, terrorists or not terrorists, I don't give a freak about terrorists. So, you know, OK, terrorists will maybe create even more. Create even more inflation. Okay, well, whatever. Did inflation, did it have an impact on the markets past year? No, it didn't. So, you know, markets need to come down. So it doesn't matter if Trump is doing this terrorist thing, whatever, you know, it's just, you know, I don't give a crap about that. The markets just need to come down. That's it. Hey, Annie, sorry to disturb you, but the link is not out. We're not going to travel.

00:06:54
Around this level, and you guys know me, I'm, you know, this is for the bounce rates now. The bounce rates will get created, I think, the coming hours, days. And for me, yeah, waiting for this blue zone to get hit. Oh, MW, are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. Yes, I'm sure. I'm going to wait for this one to get hit. I'm going to talk about, this is not a lot, by the way, guys. This is just 8%, 9%. To the bottom. So don't think that this is a lot. This isn't a lot. You know, don't get, you know, don't get afraid. Oh, we're going down to nine. It's just 8%. 8% is nothing, guys. This is from top to bottom. So top to bottom, this is just 20%.

00:07:38
That's all. It's just 20%, you know. This is start selling organs, remember? This is what we need. We need, we need, we need this one, 30%. This is when you really can start saying, 'okay, okay, MW, really dumped hard. It's now time to guess, you know, guess we have to go in. So for me now, it's, you know, we're testing this now. So now it's nice with some bounce plays over here. And then after the bounce plays, then we're going to check for this one. They're going to check for this one. And this is where we're going to go. They're reading it, 70%. 70, there is no post on Patreon ah ah, there's no post on Patreon, oh how is that possible?

00:08:24
One minute please, guys so I'm you know I was always thinking, 'how is this possible one moment please uh like this like this, ah I'm gonna get a lot of a lot of a lot of angry Patreons though. So I thought, 'I told you something ain't right something ain't right, something ain't right, but no! It's now, it's now on Patreon, Patreon. Yes, there it is. There is no Patreon, guys. It's not Patreon. So let's wait a little bit Let's wait a little bit for the patrons to to join in yeah i think that we're gonna get okay now they're coming in now they're ready forgive me patrons forgive me forgive me i really posted

00:09:18
it but it didn't went it didn't go through so forgive me patreons are coming in so forgive me oh i'm so sorry patrons so uh so patreons whatever it is that you missed we're gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna go through uh i'm gonna go forward so for now this should hold guys this is really this is really strong but I'm, you know, based on what I'm seeing, I'm going to explain. I'm going to explain to you guys why. I'm going to explain to you guys why I'm worried. So please don't say, oh, this, that, whatever. No, just listen, guys. Let me, let me, let me, let me do my thing. Let me do my thing. Let me do my thing. What is it? Oh, he's from Taiwan. Okay, well, welcome.

00:10:04
Welcome, bro. Welcome, bro. You know, a lot of retail firm members; they're afraid that you were one of those Korean, you know. Korean wheels in the chat, let's listen so welcome, welcome, welcome. No, uh, uh, seriously guys, so um, I'm gonna show you guys exactly what worries me why I'm worried, I'm gonna oh four 76 patrons please forgive me, patrons please forgive me, forgive me. I did post it, it didn't go through, travel 11 saved you guys so forgive me, patriots forgive me, forgive me. I didn't say a lot; the only thing that I said is about the US $ 500 and why we're testing the red zone, so that's a little bit of summary what I get what I already said.

00:10:45
So uh, now I'm gonna explain you guys why I think, I think, that this red zone will not hold. Oh by the way, guys, you know I get a lot of times on Twitter; I got a lot on Twitter, a lot of people that you know, MW, please stop it and W, please flip uh, uh, if you if you if you, uh, uh, if you, if MW, please if you, uh, uh. Sorry, I was a little bit distracted by my phone and W, please um, uh, and W, please let me go back, please, please stop being bearish, please, please flip bullish, please just you know, you know these people that that do this first of all they fear me it's not that they love me, they fear me and why do they fear me because every time you know they follow me and they're holding a lot of bags and every freaking time they see that their portfolio Goes down even more and more, and then more,

00:11:53
and then more, and then they remember my voice; oh that freak was telling us it's going down, not to buy, not to buy, doctor. So at some point these people, you know they're losing so much money, so they you know I understand them, and I feel for them. I'm gonna be very honest with you; I feel for them. But let me tell you this: I'm not out there to satisfy you for your huddle bags; I'm out here to be objective. That's also why I don't do shills. I don't get paid. I don't do business with altcoins. I don't do business with marketing machine. I don't do business with anyone. I'm just over here, being objective. I'm going to tell you the real story.

00:12:30
And, you know, if the real story is not what you're looking for, you know, it hurts. It will help you the most. You know, I can, you know, I can be the bull. I have. I have the full right to be a bull now. Because why? Because we are, and the ones that are with me, we are all 100% in cash. So I've got all the rights to say, listen, we're going to buy these articles at a 90% discount. Just from two months ago or three months ago. I can do that. And do you know what happens when that, you know, I'm going to get a lot of engagement. I'm going to get a lot of attention. A marketing machine will start promoting my account, my Twitter account, my YouTube channel, everything.

00:13:07
It will make me a lot bigger than I am now. But I will not do that. I have to remain objective. I have to remain give you just my honest opinion. And I think that most of you guys are here for that. You're not here for the shields or for, you know, let MW. Give people get what they want to hear. Just tell them what they want to hear. I think that most of you guys, you're just here for my honest opinion. And if it's good or bad, you guys just don't give a freak. You just want me to be, you know, you want me to be honest. So, to be honest, I don't think that we're going to hold this one.

00:13:48
And I'm going to, you know, the difference between me and many is that, you know, they just go and shout; we think that this is, we're going to pop now. We think that this, you know. You've got also some, today I'm going to tell you why we are going to pump. Today I'm going to show you exactly why this thing is coming down. Today I'm going to show you exactly why it's going up. Tomorrow I'm going to show you why it's going down. These guys are specialized in marketing. These guys are specialized in fooling people. These guys are specialized in getting people to engage. Uh, you know and that they are getting wrecked, you

00:14:31
don't care about that but I do, that's the most important part for me to protect your capital so why do I think that this thing will dump harder, this is why this is, you know the ones that have been with me for a while now what did I tell you, I tweeted about this, I told you the best and the most dangerous times is when you see that the financial markets And the DXY will come down together. I've said this before. I told you this is where you have to be super careful. Why? Why do I think that this thing will dump more? I think that, you know, by the way, guys, if this thing dumps to this, this is just a retest of the previous hype. Where is it?

00:15:20
Where is it? Where is it? It was over here. This is the previous hype. Just keep in mind, I'm just lowering it up a little bit but keep in mind, uh, keep it, keep this in mind, it's very important, I'm gonna say now, keep in mind that, that, that this was a previous alternate, keep in mind, while we, you know, we went up, we did retest it over here, but not at the bottom, so we just came over here and then, so keep in mind that if this thing just retests the 48th level. Just keep in mind that's just super bullish and we're just still in a bullish trend. This is how high the financial markets are in FOMO. So, people who are blaming, you know, a lot of people that are hating Trump for doing whatever it is he's doing.

00:16:09
You should love Trump. You guys are crazy. And I know it's the ignorance and the people that are just not educated, don't understand markets, don't understand financial markets. Those are the stupid people, but those stupid people are the same people that are already like all in the market. So, I understand their feelings. They have no other choice than just to keep being bullish until the end of the cycle. But you have to see it like this. Trump, what Trump is doing, listen, these guys, while Biden was in charge, these guys were just ramping up using printed money and just ramping up these stocks into whatever. You know, I can show you this box, by the way. Remember this box? Guys, do you remember?

00:16:51
Yeah, if you if you remember, you'll say okay, I'm the craziest and the most ridiculous analyst trader in the world! If you if you if you know what these boxes are, so if you know what these boxes are, you know for the new members in here that are new in here, I shared this, I don't know, months ago or I don't know what. And I told them, listen, we got this one, got this one, and now we're gonna get this one. Then, you know, over here, before it even happened, I already shared this. And, you know, a lot of people probably think, oh, MWO, whatever. Listen, guys, look at this. So the bottom of this one is over here. Because this is just as important what we're seeing over here.

00:17:36
Because look, over here, when we hit this one, we hit the bottom of the box also. Over here, when we hit this one, we hit the bottom of the box also. And over here, when we hit this one, we didn't hit the bottom of the box yet. You see this? So it's not only this top that is similar to previous boxes. It's also the bottom, because this bottom and this bottom, it's the same. Are you seeing this? So this box is just as important as this top. And over here, boom, this was in one line. Boom, this was a little bit in one line and boom, this one uh we don't know what's gonna happen but let me just tell you this if we're gonna hit the bottom of the box yes that's when it's time for us to risk our money and you know go invest and put some you know some solid money you know we've been making so much money on these freaking you know On these freaking shorts.

00:18:43
You guys are all seeing all those P &Ls. And, you know, they got created every day again and again and again. Every time. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. And I already know that the coming weeks there will be even bigger P&Ls. You know? But that money that we're making. So forget about the fact that we're 100% in cash. Forget about that. Just forget about that. But we're also creating a lot of money on the shorts. But we have to flip that money. At some point, we have to flip it; we have to flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, and I put it in so why I'm telling you about this because I have to go back now to my to my other buddy at the DXY.

00:19:24
We have to go back to the DXY if you go back to the DXY, we can still dump a little bit more but guys, you know huh! If the DXY starts moving up, it's also bad for the markets so you want the best the best case scenario for the bulls is if the X/Y would be over here or here because then when you got like this time, this is when the markets pump and this is where the markets pump and this is where the markets pump and this is where the markets pump but look where we are now. So if this thing starts ramping up over here, this is also bad for the markets. Crypto, Bitcoin, stocks, doesn't matter.

00:20:19
So if we're going to hit this one and we're going to get another one like this, this is the moment that we got to, you know, make a lot of money on the loans. A lot of people probably think, 'What the freak is this MW talking about? This guy's crazy. Why are we even listening to this guy? Why are we even listening to this guy? Come on! Guys, no, seriously. I'm telling you. These are the moments when you go focus on lungs and not over here. Are you seeing what I'm seeing? Are you seeing this? This over here is when you have to be careful. Because this monster, when it starts rocketing up, it could destroy a lot of the markets. I'm not saying it will. We don't know.

00:21:12
We're just preparing ourselves. So, by the way, guys, this I'm not talking about, you know, not about day trading or about, you know, this could happen in days, in weeks. So you have to give it time. You have to give it time for markets to make those moves. Because if markets, you know, in one, two days when, you know, the S&P goes for that get bounce again. That could create some 20%, 30%, 50%, 80%, 90% on several altcoins that are super racked. But that's trading. But on the midterm, like weekly, like two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, probably what I'm explaining now is going to happen. I'm just saying. So that's why, let me remove this first, and then let me show you also, I'm going to show you something else also.

00:22:02
I'm going to show you the Euro is also doing whatever it's doing. So, also Euro, red, white, blue. Red, white, blue. That's the Dutch flag. So shout out to all the Dutch people. Seriously, guys. So, also something that I want to show you that is not looking good is this. Because look at this, guys. Look at this, guys, because the euro is your best friend as a crypto bull. What do you mean, MW? Yes, the euro is the best friend of the stocks and of the bulls. Because if the euro starts dumping, the markets also most of the time dump. By the way, guys, this is just 80%. Sometimes you get, you know, a little bit of, you know, the markets go a little bit, you know, crazy.

00:23:06
But that's just that, you know, that tweet that I tweeted about. That's just market makers are pushing the price into not the logic direction, just to flush some leverage out. And then it will come into the logic direction. That's just how it happened. Because look at this also, guys. The euro is at resistance zones. So this is resistance, so this is resistance, so this is also bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, so I'm trying to show you guys a little bit about this and a bit about that and you know as soon we're gonna talk about silver, gold, and a lot of stocks and this and that but you know that I'm gonna save that for another time so I'm just showing you now why I think Why I think I gave you now like, you know, I gave you now like a three, four, five charts and explanations.

00:23:59
Why I think that, you know, we might go sideways, we might bounce a little bit, but we're not there yet. We're not there yet. Our target is, this is our target. This is our target. This is our target over here. Sorry, over here. But this is our target over here. This is our target over here, 48. Between 5K and 48, this is our target. But you know, a lot could happen in the meantime before we're going to hit it. Because maybe, look over here. It took us like, what was it? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. It took us nine months. Nine months before we hit the bottom and went up again. Over here, it was better. It was just two months.

00:24:45
So over here, this is one, two, we don't know how much longer it's going to take. So for now, for the investors, you have to be patient. And for the traders, we got to make a lot of money. We got to make a lot of money. That's for the traders. And for the investors, in my opinion, you can start DCA buying because I think we already hit like 50% of the dump. You can start DCA buying slowly and selling the bounces. Or you just stay out of it, stay out of it, or go focus on how to you know, go focus on uh, or go focus on how to make money, how to make money trading.

00:25:29
Start using oh by the way guys, you know I have to do this every time if you want to join the Retail Fair, it's very simple: you go to my Twitter page or you go to GTC Insiders, you go to the link tree in a Link Tree; you can join the Telegram or your Patreon is over that's first number one. You can pay USDT and uh, if you want to join and get get the indicator and the leverage trading course if you are, if you're really serious about trading not some trading course that you've been paying for some money or you you join some whatever crypto school out there I'm not gonna no I'm not gonna say any names but whatever so if you're really Serious about trading? Trade on Blovin, Orbitinex.

00:26:12
Links are in the link tree. Also, in the description below on YouTube, by the way. Start trading. 100k trading volume. And that's how you get access to the leverage trading course vids. And for the ones that DM me, a patient, please. Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, I'll be answering all my DMs. I've got, I think, maybe like 300 DMs to answer. I will take my time and I will answer every freaking one of those. So that's about that. And then I wanted to show you guys another one. Oh, it's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Look at this. Look at this. Cutie, cutie, cutie, cutie. Oh, it's so bad. It's so bad. Look at this. Oh, lovely. I just love it. I just love it. I just love it.

00:27:08
I will never, never, never sell my Nvidia stocks because they're going to get me rich. No, no, MW, no, no, no. Sell your freaking Nvidia? I'm telling you he's got a top heart. No, MW, no. You're already 33% down. Well, congrats. And, you know, don't tell me about, yeah, but I bought it very cheap and I'm already in a lot of profit, so I don't care. No, you should care. You should care. You know, you can tell that to, you know, to all those hodlers. You can tell this to all those accounts. Yes, we're going to get rich in 2023. You know, when you're already dead and your kids are dead and your grand, grand, grand, grandchildren will maybe see that price. When money has no value anymore.

00:27:57
But save that crap for them. For me, don't come with me. I'm a trader. So when I tell you, you freaking take profits and watch out, this thing is going to dump, and you didn't, well, it sucks for you. Don't give me that crap. Don't give me that crap. The 33% down, this is my call. Oh, the ones that shorted this. Oh, I really love you guys. So enough about that. We're going now into Bitcoin. Bitcoin is holding very strong, by the way. So, kudos for, you know, respect for Bitcoin, respect for holding this strong. But let me tell you this. This is a nasty candle. And I already told you that this candle will get probably a continuation candle. So this candle is, you know, Bitcoin. It's very simple, guys.

00:28:46
And, you know, I respect the bulls, the Bitcoin bulls. I really respect them. I respect them for holding the line over here. You know why they need to hold the line? Because, why? If they wouldn't hold the line over here at this level, if the financial markets would go to that 5K level, Bitcoin might dump hard. And that's just not, that's something that should not happen. So because that would be really crazy. But let me just tell you this, guys. So for now, we're holding very strong. So our buy levels, like we have prepared them for weeks now. They are still in play. So the 69K is still in play, guys. So we have to, you know, we have to respect those. We have to respect them.

00:29:27
So that's when we're going to make a lot of money on longs again. So we're just going to wait it out. You know, I'm in a rush. We made this low 76K. So just come, baby, to the 70K, 69K. Don't be, you know, don't be. Don't be, don't be. You know, when you've got some capitulation or some, you know, some. You know, because this could happen if we got a lot of buys, a lot of loans opening over here, you might get this spike down to uh, to liquidate the the longs over here. It happens a lot, by the way, just like you're seeing over here, you know. This spike down, you know, they just liquidate but that doesn't matter because over here when we're over here, we start DC buying first of all in spotbacks and then over there, you can also open up a lot of loans on leverage, but you have to do the MW style and you know the MW style.

00:30:13
I'm gonna take you with me on a journey when we reach there, how I'm gonna do it and what we're gonna do, I'm gonna tell you exactly how we're gonna do it, listen. Guys, this it's just, uh, okay, well, whatever, so it's just that I'm telling you guys, I'm telling you; so, this is for me a buy-in, so yes, you heard me right, I'm going to buy here, you know. So, my, you know, You know, that capital is going, you know, up high. I'm buying. I'm going to buy all those wrecked altcoins. Oh, we're going to zero. Yes. I know that you are going to zero. I warned everyone at the top that you're going to zero. But I also told you we're going to buy them when they're near to zero.

00:31:06
Whip, whip, whip, whip, whip. Okay, Salsera. I think it's time. I don't know. It's not time yet. It's not time yet. This is, by the way, the one that's destroying all the altcoins for now. And, you know, let them destroy it. Why not? The more they destroy it, the more we're going to, you know, the better prices we're going to get. So just keep destroying. By the way, guys, we're reaching over here. There's levels over here. So we can get another one over here. But, you know, I don't care. You know, I'm not going to buy Bitcoin. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. I'm gonna buy a lot of some Bitcoin for uh but some Bitcoin I'm planning to do some giveaways uh uh this year in Bitcoin and you know I might buy some Bitcoin for that but you know I'm not interested in Bitcoin, it's that simple.

00:31:56
And why am I not interested in Bitcoin? That's why I'm not into Bitcoin, yeah. This is why this is why I'm not interested in Bitcoin, you see. But Kabish, kabish, we didn't hit my zone yet. We didn't hit my zone yet. So come on, you know, I'm buying ETH. That's what I'm doing. I'm buying ETH at these levels. I'm not interested in freaking Bitcoin. So let me show you guys something else. Pexi, look at Pexi, guys. It's holding like a boss. When are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. Remember, when are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. When are we going to buy in? This is where we're going to buy in. When are we going to buy in?

00:32:36
This is where we're going to buy. So it's all connected, guys. It's all connected. It's one big connection. It's just one freaking big connection. That's what it is. It's one big freaking connection. So when we're buying in, this is where we're buying. But we need really a big move up on this thing. Come on. Make a big move up. It will destroy a lot of crypto. Let me show you guys this one also. This one also, same story. Come on. I want to buy crypto. Come on, push. You know, a lot of people don't think, I don't give a frick. I don't give a frick. I trade with the charts. Show me. I'm here to make money. I don't give a frick about your feelings.

00:33:22
I don't give a frick about, you know, I just don't care. I just don't care. The only thing that I care about is your portfolio not getting wrecked. And what I care about is that we got to make a lot of money. A lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money. Oh, we want to see. Oh, we want to see MW Bullish. We please want to see. Guys, you're making money on the shorts. You're making money on the bounces. What more do you want? You want the jackpot. This is the jackpot. What you're seeing here, this is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jackpot. This is the jack. Oh, what happened? This is the jackpot over here. No, not this one. This is the jackpot over here. This is the jackpot over here. This is the jackpot over here. Jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot, jackpot. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It's time for the song because I'm going to prepare the altcoins. Boom, boom.

00:34:44
We stay cool. MW breaks every rule. Retail fam, we know the sound.

00:35:58
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So thank you so said ah, thank you girl. Okay, guys, by the way, did you see this one? Soros this thing? You know, you cannot show this thing at least not what I'm you know But let me tell you this let me do you see this coin if there is one calling that I would short the crap out It's this one Let me just tell you this. I'm going to, you know, I'm going to short the crap, you know, in the MW style, the GTC style. I would short the crap out of this one, so you know. But you know it's, you know, you can't sort it, you know. You can buy in a spot on bluffing, I saw, but you know you cannot short it.

00:36:38
It's, yeah, you know, this sorrow or whatever it is. I really don't, you know, but you know if you know this is really, this is really, uh, this is really, if I would short one coin, I would short the crap out of this one. Oh, it will short this thing to death. Oh boy, boy, boy, serious. But you cannot short this. But by the way, guys, you can only short this on MW style. A bull is just a bear, but with horns. Same, same, same, but different, but still same, you know. If you know the ones that are educated by me, you know there ain't no bulls there ain't no bears there are only

00:37:31
people that are making money, people wills whatever so you know I tried to teach you this for years now you know don't believe in this bull bear narrative it's you know it's just a lot of they're bullshitting you in your mind you know they're just trying to get into your mind they want to make you crazy you know I'm a bull he's a bear he's a bear What the frick are you talking about, bro? There is only people, wills, institutions, whatever. It's all about making money, making gains. That's what it's all about. Don't give a crap about bulls or bears. Stop. Go watch some soap series on Netflix or whatever. I don't know. Give a crap if you want the drama. Don't focus on the drama. Focus on money. Money, make money. Up, down, doesn't matter. Focus on that. Don't focus on bulls or bears. Who gives a crap about bulls?

00:38:32
okay so soros soros okay i just wanted to show you guys this you know if this thing if you know if they would open up the gates for the shorts on soros uh mw will be in the front line if they would open up the gates of this thing oh i know i know it doesn't have i know it oh Not FGB. You have to. How would you begin to scale? You have to understand the MW style, bro. You have to understand MW. You have to watch the leverage trade and go with it. That's what you have to do. Then you'll understand that. So I just want to show you guys this thing. By the way, this thing. Let me show you. Okay, let me first of all.

00:39:19
Guys, we're going to talk about a lot of altcoins. A lot of altcoins. We're going to talk about a lot, a lot of altcoins. So first of all, let me start with this one. Oh, oh, oh, bearer, bearer, bearer. Bearer, don't you think about giving me my 2 ,000% P &O. Don't you think about it. Just don't do it, bearer. Because we entered over here, and over here it was 1 ,600, 1 ,700. So, you know, I know. The bearer bulls were like, you know, wait a minute. MW is not going to hit that 2 ,000%. No, I didn't. And I never break a promise. So what did MW do? MW took massive profits and MW ended again. Oh, so actually I'm now at 3 ,300%.

00:40:09
Thank you, Bera. Thank you, Bera. So you didn't want to give me over here the 2 ,000%. No, you didn't. So now you're giving me 3 ,500%. And, you know, it's probably going to be 5,000% now. Because, you know, how many times do I need to tell this? You just can't fight FW. It's impossible to fight me. I broke the system. I broke it. So it doesn't matter what you're going to do. I'm going to be three, four steps ahead of you every freaking time again and again. You can't liquidate us. You can't counter-trade us. You can't. Why are you even trying? You can't. The only thing that you can do is surrender. Just freaking surrender. So I love, I love Bera. Bera is my baby.

00:41:04
Bera, baby, my baby, my baby, baby Bera. Oh, Bera, Bera. And you know what I like most about Bera is that, you know, I know that a lot of retail fan members that are in here, they made huge gains on Bera. Because why? They joined me over here, and they joined me over here. So, you know, what to say? There was one cockroach. He told me, 'MW, MW, MW, MW,' I cannot watch your live streams. to pay 49 bucks it's a lot of money for me i told him it's not a lot of money for you bro it isn't and i'm gonna explain you why 49 bucks is not a lot of money for you because if 49 is really a lot of money for you you shouldn't be trading crypto anyway you shouldn't be investing in crypto anyway if 49 bucks is too much for you you should use that 49 bucks to whatever pay your bills or Buy something for your children or buy food or whatever it is that you're doing.

00:42:09
Buy yourself a car or a bike. What are you doing in crypto? If 49 bucks is too much for you, then crypto, financial stocks or whatever it is, is also not made for you. Because if you think that you can make money leverage trading with 50, 100, 200 bucks. Maybe you go follow the trendline guy. Maybe, yeah, he's giving you promises. You're going to get richer 200 bucks. You're going to make a million bucks. Listen, bro, I'm not selling dreams. I'm selling reality for realistic people, serious people, you know, and that really want to make a living out of trading, that want to become financially independent. You know, that's what I'm selling. I'm not selling you these scammy dreams where you're going to get wrecked. You know? Bera, I love you, Bera.

00:43:05
I just love Bera. I don't know why. You know, one time, someone asked me, told me, MW, do you have a girlfriend or are you married or do you have a nice wife or whatever? I told them, listen, my private life is my private life. So, you know, you guys know me. I don't talk about my private life. But let me tell you this. If I would have a lot of girlfriends, Bera would be one of them. You know, Bera would be one of my girlfriends, you know. So it would be Bera with me, really. I love Bera. I just love Bera. Oh, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera, Bera. Only to those that can understand, Mark.

00:43:48
Only those that understand. A lot of people, they just don't understand it. But let me go. Let me go. Because this guy's going to be long stream today. So, Dexy. Dexy, we had this dumbed down and, well, whatever. You guys know how I feel about Dexy. We nailed it. I want to talk about moves. So, basically, guys, this thing, since January when, you know, this Trump Foundation was telling you they're buying moves. Okay, whatever, they're buying moves. I don't give a crap about it. I'm going to show the crap out. So. For the ones that are following Trump and their foundation, uh, congrats to you guys, you're now 60 down, congrats, good for you. Why listen to me? Listen to do we're gonna listen to Trump, yes. Who the F are you?

00:44:47
MW, we follow Trump; you're trying to protect us; they're trying to f us, so why should we listen to the one who wants to protect us? We're gonna listen to the one that's what I have us. It's okay, congrats, you're 60 up, let me see. What do we got more do we okay, okay hit the bottom and it's showing some power with looking good. Oh, there we go, oh, okay, okay, nice! Let me go to party. Yes, remember party, guys? I think party is still running. I think the team is still shorting this one from the top. What do we got? What do I want to show you guys? IP. MW. MW. Thank you, MW. You're welcome, guys. Thank you, MW. You're welcome, guys. We got Leia. Oh, Leia, by the way.

00:45:48
Leia. I wanted to talk about Leia. Yes. Let me remove all of this. So this layer coin, Koreans are really on this layer thing. They just want to push it. So I'm thinking this layer because I'm seeing really this is just could be two things. I think that the Koreans, what they are doing is they're just not allowing for the shorts to get paid. That's what I think. So my advice to you guys is this now. You guys really need to take profits on every down, and use the indicator under 15 minutes and trade it; and when it closes above it, get out of it again-so in, out, in, out, in, out until we catch the big dumb down.

00:46:34
Because let me tell you this is my opinion: I think that there are too many shorts opened on layer, so as long as those shorts stay and remain open, I think that this coin they will hold the line; Koreans will hold the line, market makers will hold on because they will-they just don't allow people to get shorted to get paid, especially when the market cap isn't that high. So they will just not allow this thing to come down until those shorts get closed, and then they will dump it down. So how are you gonna do this? What you have to do is just like I already saw a lot of people on Twitter doing it: what you have to do is they push it up, and then you know they put it down; and then so it's got to be like a yo-yo.

00:47:20
But what you have to do is after every time we see reduce your reduce your position, keep reducing your positions over and over and over again-and when it goes up, scale in again; scale in again. Because that's what we're seeing when we see this, this is exactly what they do so you've got over here this move up so over here they push they push and then over they get exhausted. And then they push again, then over here they get exhausted. They push again, then over here they get exhausted. So this is what they are doing. And over here, they are not allowing the shorts to get the big payment, you know. So what they do is they start shaking. They shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, and then boom, and then down.

00:48:03
That's what's going to happen in my opinion. So there's also, by the way, if the shorts will get too greedy, they might make a high again and then dump it down. The story is the same. The story is the same. The big dump is coming. It's just they are just waiting for the shorts to get shaken. They shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. And then at some point, you're going to see this one. It's going to happen, guys. It's going to happen. So it could happen from over here. It could happen from over here. And it could happen from over here. But when you're trading the MW style, you don't care. And, you know, there is, you know, there is, you know, I know that the team trades on pretty, pretty high volume.

00:48:48
But I've seen also there are some retail fair members who also trade on pretty high, really, really high volumes. You know, there are some sick retail fair members out there. They trade really with millions, guys. You know, I know, you know, there are some really, really high, high-volume traders in the retail fair. And, you know. When when too much money gets into those shorts, they know they just can't dump it, they just can't dump it, they just can't. Because you have to understand that if someone is with like 10 million in a short from over here, over here for example, the exchanges need to pay those shorts. But if there's no money, if there's no money, how are they gonna pay those shorts?

00:49:41
If it dumps down, they can't pay them out, so but the only solution that they have is they need to hold the line over here, hold the line, hold the line, holder, they need to hold the line because if this thing comes down, they can't pay; they can't pay the shorts. So this is something that's super dangerous. Also with these coins, because when you're trading like Solana, Ethereum, Bitcoin, et cetera, you don't have this problem. But when you've got coins like Laya, et cetera, they have this problem. So, it could be a little bit annoying to a lot of traders, but you just have to be patient, that you know, other shorts will get out, they get shaken out, and that's when they're going to dump out when they own enough money to pay out your shorts.

00:50:26
So, it's, you know. It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just the system how it works in average training you know, you guys have no clue how I've been fighting Koreans in my, you know, in my past and you know to be honest Koreans are not my enemies, uh, Koreans are my friends, you know. These guys respect me, I respect them, they're degents, I'm a degen, we just, you know, you have to see it like this it's just, you know, In the heat of the, you know, when we were fighting each other on exchanges and on the trades, you know, then there is a little bit of hate. But, you know, when the game is done, then we're just friends, you know. We're just, like we say in Dutch, we say sportif.

00:51:05
We're just sportif, you know, shaking each other's hands. Okay, nice game. And they salute you if you own the game, you know. It's just. It's it's it's just it's just how it is. But you know, that's what I wanted to share about layer So you just have to be really yeah, but by the way guys you have to a layer for what I'm seeing You really have to be taking profits on the indicator So take profits take profits take profit take profits take profits because it's the only solution To trade this thing because over here if you're like you're seeing oh, by the way guys You have to be waiting for my video about about about the Koreans And about how we're going to make a lot of money with them.

00:51:45
Listen, guys, the Koreans, the past weeks, they're ruling the charts. They're ruling the altcoins. So we really, really got to make a lot of money on Koreans. So just wait for that vid. I'm going to release that vid. I don't know if it's going to be a trading course vid. It might be a trading course vid. Or maybe I'm just going to do it over here. But, you know, it's really, we got to make a lot of money with these Koreans. That's what it is. And, you know, listen, you don't see a lot, you don't read a lot about it on Twitter. You know why? Because the marketing machine isn't allowing to release this news. Normally, you would see big accounts like Banter, like Altcoin Daily, et cetera, et cetera, talk about it.

00:52:26
They're not talking about it. Because you have to understand that, you know, okay, I'm not going to say too much about this. Just wait for it. I'm going to explain to you guys exactly how that works. So, by the way, guys, I want to thank you all. I've seen the past days, a lot of retailers, they, you know, asked for something past live stream. Listen, guys, let me do my job. Let me focus on my job. All I'm asking you about is, you know, make a comment like just one or two a day in one of those big accounts and make some noise for the MW, for your retail fan. gtc games with the

00:53:06
crypto just just just you know make some noise and i've seen a lot of people the only thing that i want to say is is this um there are a lot of bots out there and what those bots do is they always say uh follow this guy because he is the best trader or he is the best analyst etc etc or whatever and those bots they're ruined it because now you cannot be objective in you know a lot of people when they are reading comments and you know they're reading like uh follow and will killer because he's did he predicted this people want to believe it but they don't believe it because they are

00:53:44
they are destroyed by the same messages from bots so if you want to if you want to make if you want if you want to make if you want to make uh make make a comment that has effect that is efficient if you want to make it efficient you have to you have to first of all don't hate uh that's number one don't hate uh don't make uh don't you know be just polite although you're in some schiller's comments whatever i know it's hard to be polite but just be polite the only Thing that you can do is is you have to you have to give them like a comment like uh did you see for example mw yesterday sharing this chart or you or you can copy link my my post with that chart on it or uh

00:54:27
uh maybe you could don't follow animal killer but just go check his feed or maybe just check one of his vids just go on youtube check one of his vids and you'll see a big difference what you're watching now where now just just you know yes you have to you have to have to have to be efficient and to have effect to what you're doing because you're you're wasting not racing or investing some time in that you have to you have to you have to. People don't, don't, don't, don't push on them, Your thoughts or your opinion because that will not work. They think that you're a bot. But if you would just just show them the direction and let them choose themselves, If they want to go check it out or not, that will have much more effect.

00:55:09
Yes, you know. Let's go watch here. Here's this chart here is here's you know We've got all these short bits from Helena from some some from Karen just here. Just you know, check this out. This was yesterday for example, but this was positive. This was his shorted here. This was it. Let's check it out, don't follow him just check it out and you decide for yourself, you want to follow him, yes or no, so thank you very much, uh guys, for that, thank you so much, so let me go to the next one. Auction, oh auction, oh auction, oh auction,

00:55:50
oh! If people just knew what we have been doing past weeks, oh the pino is running in around 4k now, I told you, I told you. So let me go to the next or fight the coin retail firms are farting about the coin a retail firm's coin. We need to show you retail fans, coin Fart, coin, fart, coin, fart, coin, fart, coin. There was one guy, he told me, listen, last time when you told us that you started buying SPX, you started buying Fart Coin, etc. You know, I bought a little bit of fart coin and I made so much money. Next time, I will buy a bigger bag. Me that is a really crazy. I mean a lot of money. Yes next time I'll buy more I'm gonna buy much more Well father the coin guys fart coin.

00:56:53
Ah Father father guys, we're still pretty high and fucking so fucking this was the previous low this was also when I started buying but Yeah you know fart coin yeah it's you know fart coin is just one of those coins you know you just want to buy it you know yeah you just want to buy fart coin you know fart coin is one of those coins you know i just want to buy the crappy thing i don't know why but fart coin guys i'm you know i'm patient you know guys i don't give a crap i'm just patient to get into the box and you know start this year buying in the blue box

00:57:40
and i really hope the parts won't go to the 15 cents that's when i'll be buying a bigger bag so let me go to the next one that i wanted to show you guys you got this teams by the way teams you remember teams guys we opened up a short over here it's still running netted one it's making us money oh um is just not guys i told you this is the strongest altcoin in crypto period this is the strongest coin in crypto it's that simple the strongest coin in crypto is om i already said this now a lot of times but this Is the number one altcoin in crypto I'm just saying so if this thing by any means comes down to this zone I'm probably gonna buy some so uh that's about that let me see Plume, we totally destroyed Plume.

00:58:35
Let me see, Cakey, oh Cakey! Told you, uh tau, yes. So we had a lot of noise about Tao guys look at that and this chart isn't accurate. This is, uh, another look at this. Tao is going to one thousand dollars, Tao is going to two thousand dollars, Tao is the future of the world, Tao is going to be censored, be bitten, sir, bitten, sir. MW, we hate you, we hate you. You guys have no clue what is going on behind the scenes with MW, but you know, you guys cannot imagine how much hate I'm getting from the Tao army. The Tao army is killing me. The Tal army, you know, over here, we're going to $1,000. We're going to $2,000. We're going to this, whatever.

00:59:32
And, you know, every time when I do a post about Tal, they start threading me in this and that. Well, we're at $200. I told you. I told you. So, you know, all that hate that they gave me, you know, I hope that they have it in them to at least, at least now be man enough and come back and tell me, MW, I'm sorry. You are right. You are just 100% right. We're so sorry, MW. We effed up, and, you know, we're in a big loss, and, you know, whatever. Would you please buy a little bit and support us at 160? Well, I might think about it. I might think about it. So that's about that one. When do I get more for you guys?

01:00:19
Oh, and then we got this pi what did I tell you about pi guys? What did I say? I told you this thing is going; this is you know, you know. If someone can find that live stream, i you know when we were over here, you know over here, I told you this thing will it; it; it will and you just don't freaking doubt me. It's that simple. You don't doubt me. You know, but this is very fast, by the way. So congrats to those. And then with, you know, I got some friends that are really in this with thing. And, you know, keep asking me, MW. Please, please, would you just shill a little bit of with for us? Just please shill us a little with.

01:01:11
We're going to give you a lot of money. We're going to give you a lot of money. Please, please, just show a little bit of wave. We're going to pay you very good money for it; promote it, please, I'll promote it. These are really people that are holding millions of waves, guys. So they want me to show you with okay, you know they should know by now that I don't give a **** about money and you know there is no money in the world that will make me show you whatever, so with uh if you're interested in it, and whatever for whatever reason you're bullish on it, or whatever this at you know they're going to hate me, my friends; they're going to kill me.

01:01:59
Okay, I have no friends left after what I'm going to say now, I will have no friends left after what I'm going to say, so if you're really interested in it, you gotta buy below the $15, this is only if and let me tell you this, I'm not buying it; Let me tell you this, I am not buying it. This is only if you are interested in it. I'm not interested in it. I don't give a crap. So, I don't think if I've got any friends left. They told me, please, please, please, tell people with it. Okay, you wanted me to talk about with I'm gonna talk about with guys. I'm not buying with And if you're interested in with buy it at least 50% lower from current levels Link seems to be dumping big time this time Okay, we're going into the we're going into the long ETF rip up.

01:03:02
So a link should be over there. So let me go Well, I'm not seeing any big time. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad, Riff Pop. It's so bad. Let's go. Where is that big dump? Where? Big dump is at five bucks or whatever. So this is not big dump. This is normal. It's dumping big time. Riff Pop, don't tell me you're holding a lot of link. Berra is not my friend, Apricot Daniel. Berra is my girlfriend. She's my girlfriend. I love her. I love the girl. I just love her. Vera. Vera. She's the love of my life. For now, I'll change the [bitch] in a moment if I see her often.

01:03:48
Oh, I'm a mess. I'm a mess. No, listen. Listen, listen. Seriously, seriously.

01:04:05
Okay, bad joke. Sorry, ladies. Bad joke. Very bad joke. Very naughty, naughty, naughty MW. Naughty MW. Naughty MW. You have to see it like this, guys. It's, you know, it's just, it's just, I went, you know, it's maybe I'm doing it in a funny way or maybe you think it's not so funny. But either way, I thought it was funny. But the message I'm trying to get to you is this. In making games or making money, there are no friends, no girlfriends, no boyfriends, no whatever. The only friend you have is making that game, that money, that printer that you're making. That is your best friend. Let me tell you this. I'm going to tell you something very, very, very private.

01:04:57
When I was young, very young, when I'm talking about young, I was like, you know, maybe I was like seven, eight years, nine years, 10 years old. I was always, you know, playing. And then, you know, I was at home and I told my father, I told him, listen, listen, dad, I'm going to go out. He told me, 'What are you going to do on the streets at this time of day?' You know, my friends are there, my friends. And then he told me, 'friends, friends, friends.' He told me, 'son, there are no friends.' And what do you mean? He told me, 'the only friend that you will have in your life is your wallet.'

01:05:26
What he meant by your wallet is your money and you know after a lot of years you know I build a lot of friends and I have to say that I've got a lot of friends that are you know, I've got some friends that are not like that but most of the friends, most of the friends that I thought they were my friends, you know when money is involved, they're nowhere to be found. So every freaking time when I saw that happening in my life, I remember my dad always telling me, listen, listen, MW, your wallet, your money, your pocket, that's your best friend. He goes, why? Because when you own the money, people will like you. Hey, listen, MW, this, let's go to that. Let's do this.

01:06:09
But when you're broke, when you're broke, you don't have any money. They don't call you. They don't pick up when you call them. You know, it's just life. It's life. And for sure, they're always like two, three friends, you know, real friends that they don't care if you have money or not money. But this is how life works. This is really, that was the story I wanted to tell you. Yeah, whatever. So, Linky. Linky, so we had this low $1. 18, so yeah. You know my buy zones. You know my buy zones. Below the 11 bucks. So let me go to VeChain. VeChain. My alarm went off on VeChain. Ah, VeChain. Good, VeChain. Good, good, good, VeChain. So VeChain also heading into the blue box. I'll scoop myself some VeChain.

01:06:59
Near. Not yet. $1. 70. Didn't hit yet. Sui. Sui not hit yet. Below the $2 bucks. Virtual. Oh. Oh, virtual is getting into this box. This is what I want, virtual. This one. So 37 cents below the 40 cents. Swarms. Swarms is hitting the buy zones. Not buying it yet. Not buying it yet. I'm going to wait for this low. So I'm going to wait for this. I don't care. I don't care. I just don't care. It's that simple. I don't care. You hit it. Okay, I'm going to buy you. Not I'm not going to buy you. I think uh 14 cents 13 cents uh around there oh it's also hitting the

01:07:46
zone uh come on guys um oh this is a hard one all these AI agents are really you know they're really killing it um I think I got a hit already on this one and no I didn't get a hit it didn't hit yet no uh this is for me AI, XPT I will DCA buy this thing from This line, 73 to 35. I'll just DCA buy-in slowly on this one. Fartcoin. Fartcoin, I already talked about this one on 30 cents and below. Trumpy is below the line. Trumpy. I will buy Trump, by the way, guys. I will buy Trump. I have to adjust my buy orders. It will be $7 or lower, between $7 and $5. Giga. Giga, my baby. This thing made us so much money, guys, on this bump.

01:08:37
Oh, MW, why are you taking profits? Don't take profits, Mr. MW. We are the syndicate and, you know, you made so much money in Giga. Why are you telling your people to take profits? Because I love my little family and I love you guys. Oh, but let's go to the moon. Yes, yes. Your moon, not my moon. My moon is I take profits. I take the damn money. By the way, this thing was massive. So this thing, if it's back around the nine cents, I'm going to buy it again. I'm going to buy it again. I don't give a crap. I'm going to buy it again. I'm going to buy it. I'll update on Twitter and Patreon, by the way, guys. Don't, on Telegram. Don't be worried.

01:09:16
So Cody, back in the box, five below 50. I will buy it again. GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Oh, GLMI. Look at GLMI, guys. People that, you know, every time when I tell you, okay, I'm going to buy it, probably below the five cents. Oh, it's a bow. Yes, I'm going to buy it. We'll get there. It's already there. It's already there. So I'm going to DCA buy this thing below the $0.05. Van Rie, Van Rie also getting into the box, so also going to buy. I'm going to buy below the $0. 17, guys. Why not? DCA buy in below the $0. 17. Okay? Okay, below the $0. 17 this year. Buy in. Fala. Fala. I will also start this year buying this thing around below the $0.

01:10:11
08 to the $0. 06. Rune. Rune. Still at the $1. Rune. I really have no clue what's going on with Rune. But, you know, just for fun, if it goes around the $0. 85 to the $0. 80, I'm going to buy maybe a small bag. Fluxy. Oh, Flux. Flux is getting totally destroyed, guys. Flux is gonna totally destroy uh, Flux? Flux, I'm just gonna DCA buy, I don't give a crap and we we made a lot of money on the bounce, I'm gonna use that money to buy myself some flux, uh, so flux actually, flux, let me remove this guy's flexi, where are we now, we're now at, uh, what was this during our ads?

01:10:39
We made a new low, oh, flux made a new low, oh, um, maybe something like this guy's why not, why not, why not, so I'm gonna buy myself some flux here, I think I've got a hit on flux already by the way, guys, I think I'm already in, I don't care, guys, flux is for me just a little back, I don't, I don't give a crap, so flux, everything below the 20 cents, I'm a buyer, I'm going to DCA buy this thing down to the $0. 10, I don't give a crap over here. So if this thing dumps down, I'm just going to DCA buy Flux. It's for me just a hold bag, and I'm going to make money on it. LRC, yes, also LRC. If it's going to hit the $0.

01:11:47
07 and below, I'm going to start buying. TIA, TIA, everything. I told you already, below the $2, I'm going to buy it. What do we have, Moi? Atom, atom, everything below the three bucks, I'm a buyer, uh Axel, we didn't reach the box yet, I'm gonna buy this also, so this has to be uh 25 cents or lower. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor, yes, everything below the 14 15 cents, I'm gonna buy it. Uh, bye bye bye, I can buy so much. Oh, I love this. Oh, Sonic, by the way, also Sonic, I told you guys already about Sonic, so Sonic's also gonna buy this thing below the 40 cents, below the 40 cents, guys. So, below uh polka dot, not interested, um, iota, yes, iota interested, iota, guys.

01:12:41
Everything if this thing dumps down to 12 cents or lower, I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag. I'm just saying, listen, I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag, I told you and I'm telling you again, I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of IOTA if it comes into these regions over here, guys. We're not far away from it. I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of that one. Where do I have got more? Where do I have got more? Oh, Papa Cat, I don't know about Papa Cat. So where do I have got more? What is this? What is all these crappy coins over here? So I think those are those. Let me go to the syndicate coins. SPX. We didn't talk about SPX. How is that possible?

01:13:23
Why didn't I see SPX on my list over here? Where is it? Where is SPX? It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Where is SPX? I'm not seeing SPX. Okay. Syndicate coins. I need to have SPX over here. So SPX over here. So not this SPX. There is another SPX. I need another SPX. This one. SPX. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. My bro. And we remove all of this guy's okay so spx so uh spx spx I'm gonna buy myself uh a nice bag of spx over here guys this is where I'm gonna buy this is what I'm gonna buy it's that simple, 25 cents all over I don't give a crap I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx yes so you heard me right I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx if my alarm goes off over here, 25 cents I'm gonna buy myself a nice bag of spx um

01:14:18
um was there something else oh look at this oh oh oh oh what a muscle what is oh zero bro look at zero bro oh zero oh let me see let me see this Arkham now okay so that's about that let me go into the chat do I have in the chat do I've got in the chat some altcoins because otherwise we're gonna close it down I think I I've shown you guys So much today. Act, I'm not interested in act, guys. Act, just move on. You have to move on in life. For me, act is really not interesting. Ever interested in Aave? Yes, for sure Aave. Aave is, I already talked a lot about Aave. So let me go into Aave. Aave, USDT.

01:15:05
of a where is it now is that 90 bucks no it's not enough i need it on 90 bucks guys if you want me to buy rv yes i'm interested in rv at 90 bucks so if this thing dumps down to the 90 bucks regions that's when i'm interested i know it from my head i don't even have to So let's okay. Let's say 100 bucks. Let's say 100 bucks. So everything if it dumps down to here I'll be interested in buying some of it. So oh, you know, we talked about Let me guess, it's AI, you know, you know my answer already at travel, it's you know, I'm not saying maybe this thing will pump up like crazy, but I just want to buy blood, this is no blood, I want to buy coins, I want to buy over here.

01:16:07
So I've got like you know, I've got 90 of altcoins that I can buy over here, why would I buy a coin over here and I'm not saying that this thing couldn't pump up, that's not what I'm saying, but I'm just not you know This is just my style. This is how I think. If ALK will show a lot of volume, will show a lot of power, I might trade it up. We're going to trade it up, make a lot of money, and get out. But investment-wise, or when you want to open up those long positions to hold for like two, three, one month, and you want to make really the big gains on them, this is my style. I like to buy them at the bottom.

01:16:45
And there are so many, so many, so many. I'm just now all you mean for shorting it, I don't know, I don't know, I have to check it, you know, to make my decision if I'm gonna short it, I have to check some other data, you know, you know how it works, so um, John John is looking for fun, what's going on with fun, John, what is going on with fun token, okay, fun, oh, nice, nice, nice. It's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad, but someone is making fun. Why are you making fun? Why are you making fun? Why? What is the reason that you're making so much fun? Why? Why are you making fun? What is this fun? I don't even know what it is.

01:17:36
Let me check what fun is, for example. To begin with, let me see what fun, what is fun. Fun, fun, fun. Someone wants to make fun. Someone wants to make fun. Why do you want to make fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun? Fun is very dangerous, the short part. I would stay away from fun. That's what I would do. Fun is very dangerous, the short. That's my honest opinion. Yes, I'm going to share Ryan, over here Ryan, Ryan, over here Ryan. Are you going to share the coin? Yes, I'm going to show it at the right time. So, you know, when I share it at the right timing, it's, you know, it's when it gets some. So I'm going to share it. You just have to.

01:18:26
You just have to. You just have to. Brett, I'm not interested in Brett. Brett is Jules. Brett, just for your information, Brett is a meme coin that has been shield organized by a group of influencers, sheilas, whatever you want to call them. Monsters, draculas, vampires, wolves, blood-sucking cockroaches. You know, so it has got a lot. What happened to USA? I don't know. I haven't been tracking USA coin. What happened to USA coin? Is it over here? Or is it? Why is it not on my list? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Syndicate coins. use acorn over here um oh they lost the line first no no still holding like sort of it but i i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know so the the pump it's still it's still in the range to be honest it's still in the range i don't know i left a little bit of track about about about use acorn When do we got more?

01:19:38
When do we got more? When do we got more? Guys, when do we got more? When do we got more? When do we got more? I'm not interested in buying party, bro. Party was a party for shortening the quip out of it. I'm really not interested in buying party. Or you have to give me a reason to buy party. Should there be any reason to buy party? Okay, guys, we got to close it up. Can you check loose? Oh, Mr. Taiwan. He wants us to check loose. What is loose? Has someone ever heard about loose? Loose. Okay. Loose. What is loose? Let's see what Mr. Taiwan has got. Oh. This Mr. Taiwan, you know, he, you know, I don't know. You're new in here, but you're feeling me, bro. You know, you feel me, you know. You know what I like. you're feeling me bro these are the charts i like these are hey it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad let's see what is loose loose oh loses why don't i want to lose loose loose loose what is loose loose what is loose loose what the creep is loose this is a meme coin Is Luz a meme coin

01:21:13
Hey Mr Taiwan is Luz a meme coin Luz Luz there's not a lot of data I can find about Luz but what is Luz I think it's a meme coin I don't know what it is otherwise Luz Luz what is loose loose loose loose It's holy storm and at some point in my death I Don't know you don't even know what loses oh You're asking about a coin you're asking about a coin and then you don't lose yeah it's a meme but i thought so it's a violent meme going on. It's a lot of like it's fine, but I lose the Moscow. Oh, oh, yeah! By Talkie-Talkie co-founder,

01:22:08
Guys, have a nice one. I love you all. Thanks all for joining in. Be prepared for what is coming for us. So let's go back to the markets. Oh, VIX, 28%! It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad, VIX. VIX. VIX. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. So let's see. Let's see how this thing, this thing. I think they will fight and then, you know, they'll fight. Maybe even we're going to get a pass. But, you know, I think that, you know, the beginning of my stream is, you know, very important, by the way. You should really, really, really, if you didn't understand it, you should really watch the beginning like two, three times until you really get it. And maybe, maybe even you can connect some dots. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. Okay guys thanks all for watching have a nice one uh enjoy your days and uh enjoy your gains also by the way and you know have those damn buy orders ready because it might happen anytime soon so thanks also for producing uh this live stream today, so shout out to Salswa and the whole retail fam, have a nice one, bye.