*** Live Stream 05-09-2025 Trump announcement today! Here is what I'm going to do. *** 

00:00:00
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. MW and welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome retail fam. Welcome to the best trading community on the webs. Welcome to the ones that protect the capital of any cost. Welcome to the one that own enough cash to buy any dump. Welcome to the ones that are doing things like this. Welcome to the ones that don't get lead into the slaughterhouses. Welcome. To those who hate the sheilas, welcome to those who don't want to get effed by the shit but welcome everyone, welcome, welcome to the new ones, welcome to the new subscribers. Yeah, so you're gonna get your doses of MW today, that's definitely gonna happen, so that's I know, I know.

00:00:52
You guys are here because you want a little bit of doses of MW, you want to make money again and again, so and you know, sometimes you know, sometimes it feels like people, you know when I keep nailing bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, and then people get a little bit, you know they're gonna get the high expectations and it's always okay, and w what's next, okay, what's next, okay, that's and then karma people, karma, enjoy this, let this, you know, let this get in. Enjoy it, you know, think about it, you guys have been suffering a lot over here. You know, so you have been suffering for like 20 days. Now you want to just in one or two days. No, you have to enjoy this. Enjoy it.

00:01:44
You know, look at it. No, just enjoy it. Enjoy it. There was one retail firm member, he told me, MW, I remembered when you told us about that Berra chart. It's not this chart. You made a live stream. You told me I was watching it with my wife. We were sitting and looking at Berra. And then you were explaining exactly this. It's still here, by the way. I didn't remove it. Then you told us that it's going to do exactly the same, just like Berra. And he told me, I looked at my wife in her eyes and I told her, he's got to do it. He's got to do it. Then his wife told him, no, no, don't do it. Listen, honey, he's got to do it. He did it a lot of times already. And if he says that that thing, if he says that that thing will do the same like Bera. Just believe the guy. No, honey, don't do it.

00:03:01
No, honey. So you have to imagine this. So you have to imagine it like this. So we were over here. We were over here. Yes? Okay. This is when I said it. And then he goes, honey, honey, honey, let's go. Let's do it. Let's make a lot of money. No!

00:03:28
So they were just sitting in the living room, you know, thinking about their summer vacation and how much money they need for their vacation. And his name is Hans. And Hans told his wife. By the way, not the Hans that you're seeing on Twitter. It's another Hans. This is his personal name. He uses another name. So Hans. He tells his girl, I don't know what his wife's name is. Honey, this is our vacation money. Just believe the guy. He does not miss. No!

00:04:10
Listen, honey. He did it on a lot of altcoins; he never misses; he doesn’t lose; so what Hans did, basically, Hans, what he did, is he thought, okay, honey, we’re not gonna do it, so he did it without her knowing about it. He made 12K; it’s not a lot of money by the way, at least for such a dumb 12K is nothing but he made 12K for him, it was a lot. So he made 12K. And then he told, he told, he went to his wife and he told her, honey, he showed her the chart. And maybe they’re, not maybe they’re watching my live stream, I think in the living room on television again. So Mrs. Honey, yes, that's you I'm talking to. So Mrs.

00:05:06
Honey, so he showed her the chart. Honey, I told you, this guy doesn’t miss. And then Honey, I’m just calling you Honey, by the way. And then Honey told him, oh, Hans, why did you listen to me? He told her, I didn’t, Honey. He told her, I didn’t. You did what? So, by the way, he texted me yesterday about this story. And they're going, you know where they're going? They go to, what was that? They're going to an island, I think, in Spain or something. Not Ibiza. Another island. I forget about the name. So they're going there. He cashed it in, and he booked a vacation for, I think it was, $ 10K. And he told me the other 2K I'm going to use for the trading course with, for him and his wife.

00:05:59
125. My alarm just went off on there. So, Hans. Super super happy for you and I want to give a shout-out to you Hans today because, why, because the shout-out doesn't go out to me; I do this on daily basis, this is just what I do for a living. But for you, you have the guts and the balls to go against Honey so, Honey, you suck! Honey, but you know Honey doesn't care if she sucks or not because she's going on a 25-day vacation on some Spanish uh, some Spanish island with everything paid on a resort, and everything! So Hans, I love you, bro, I really love you, and I'm gonna see you at the training course; I'm gonna see you at the training course. Oh my god!

00:06:54
So that was the story about Hans guys, I just wanted to tell you guys so because it was a fascinating story, you know? I've been reading it yesterday night before I was going to sleep, and you know, it was really, you know; I've been laughing my butt off. So what do we got? What do we got? Travel 11, the first one. My bro, Raza, Crypto Fiora. Is this Bob Biggie? Scott, we got Ants. Ah, Leon the Monster is over here. Leon is really active lately. Leon is killing it. Leo, Leo, Leo. I'm going to speak to you soon, Leo. Leon, maybe this weekend. I'm going to speak to you soon. Let's see what you guys are doing, how good you guys are doing. Let's see, let's see.

00:07:40
We got straight up, we got Kira, we got Helena. Helena just, she made us another beautiful creation. Alpiman, thank you for that, Helena. Shout out to Helena. Pedro, we got Trent, Alpiman, Akib Victor, we got Zaganu, Peter, Ali Kaber, Ali Kaber, Walid. Shout out to Walid also. Merik, Maticha, Brian Jacobs, Al Pink. Al Pink, Al Pink. We got Alcon Janus, Benjamin, Ifran, Rakan, Rosie. We got Ellen, Forgeri, Liz, Ziggy. Travel. So let me show this of Travel 11. He wants to share something with you guys. There it is. There it is. There it is. So the news of today is probably the trade deal with US-UK. Who gives a F? And if it's this case, it's already priced in, as this is leaking everywhere. But it doesn't even have to leak.

00:08:45
Who gives a F? People are acting as if, whatever, if the United States has got a trading deal with the UK. Yes, so? So what? You know, are you guys feeling me? So what? They've got a training, whatever. Is that supposed to be bullish for the markets? You know, the real important stuff about the financial markets was yesterday. You had to listen to what Mr. Powell was saying. It was no surprise to me. I knew that what he was going to say, but that's important. That's important. Because that's what's going to happen the coming weeks based on what he said and he was yesterday super bearish; does that mean that markets need to dump because it wasn't?

00:09:44
Because he has been bearish for a long time, and the markets went bananas, but we are at two high levels, we're going to talk about it in a moment, we're going to talk about a moment so we got uh John Farnham, we got Roy McCoy, Uh Obluda. Kenism. We got Rack and Josh, Karima Ziz, Mia Nova. Jules, we got Jacine L. Jett. We got Xoxo Jule. Okay, welcome, welcome all. No music today because we have to, you know, we have to take a minute of silence for Leia, you know. No reason to be happy about this. Look at the layer. Layer, okay. Who gives an F layer? And layer, who gives an F? Let me go to the wheel markets. Let me go to, ha, bum, bum. Look at this, guys.

00:10:47
Look at this. Look at this. This is my baby. This is my baby. I don't even care about FTSE or about UK or about, this is my baby. this is it, what I by the way guys, by the way guys, keep in mind that coming weeks, days, there will be a lot of action gonna happen on Priming Speed. I'll show you guys some, you know, being else sorry guys, based on the analyze that I'm making so keep an eye on that, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming! So now we're not only analyzing the financial markets so we know what to do on crypto. No, we're going to take it, you know, a level higher. We're going to also trade those financial markets at the same time while we're trading crypto.

00:11:43
So let me tell you how am I doing it. So I'm using PrimeXBT basically only for CFDs. I know you can also trade. Crypto on it, Bitcoin, etc., so you want to do that? Be my guest! Just do it, but I'm used because I want to keep it separate, so I've got Prime for me. You know, or you can just do Bitcoin if you want. But Prime is for me, more about commodities, Forex, and indices and stocks-that's what I'm focusing on. So my crypto trading is on Blovin and BNX, that's where I trade my crypto and coins. And you can do Prime if you also want, for the high volume trades are very important, high volume traders listen!

00:12:28
High volume traders, so if you would like to, like, use Bluffing or Beating X for your coins, and you use Prime, you know, Prime is for the CFDs, and even if you want to trade some Bitcoin or I want to trade some theory or whatever, you can do that also. But I rather do that on Bluffing and Beating X, to be honest. So I just use it only for the CFD, that's all that I'm using it for. And you guys are gonna see some sick things happen already, you're gonna see so soon! I'm gonna try to make you guys a tutorial, uh, about it, and how to read it, and you know, how to do it, and etc so it's all coming up also.

00:13:16
By the way, I was It was, you know, I want to say this because this is, in my opinion, something that made me so happy today. It really made me happy. It's the highlight of my day today. The highlight of my day today was there is one retail firm member. He DM'd me and he told me, 'Listen, I want to ask you.' He said, 'I've got a son. He's 13 years old, 13/13. And I want him to join your training course with the forwards.' He told me, 'Can he join that group?' 13 years old, you know. I told him, 'Of course he can join.' I'm looking forward to it. You know, that's, you know, in my opinion, that's just my honest opinion.

00:14:18
but i think you know these you know when i see children in the age of 13 14 15 16 17 18 18 i don't know you're not a child anymore you're a grown-up but this this is these are the ages just imagine if i would train these guys these guys are empty-headed you know i can you know i can build them into ai bots these guys you know i can really make make make m work on machines out of these people you know it's so so it's it's not only it's not only that i'll allow it i love it i just super super super super love it that you're doing this for your son so i really i really love it and i'm looking super super forward to it to you know to work with him and to train him and to help him and to educate him so

00:15:12
okay so dax guys look at taxi look look look see look see look see look so we got okay basically let's tell let's get the story out of what's the story so the stories yesterday we had you know Just like I shared on Twitter, I told you: okay, we're gonna have a dump, and then Paul starts speaking; then we're gonna have to pump. And I told you that after that, you will get the reaction, how the markets are reacting on it. The only thing is, is that freaking Trump keeps manipulating also the Fed now. So even the Fed and, you know, everything he wants to be, he wants to, you know, this guy; I don't know; we say, we say in Dutch, this, like this guy; it looks like this guy didn't have a lot of attention in his life when he was, when he was young, you know?

00:16:04
It looks like this guy was, you know, it was that child that was always in the corner. Nobody wants to play with him. Nobody wants to talk to him. Nobody wants to do whatever with him. His parents didn't care about him. That's how I see Trump. So now he's president. So he wants, you know, the lights need to shine on him every time. So every time when something is very important, then he comes in play. Oh, I'm going to do that. I'm going to announce that. I'm going to do that. OK. Or whatever, so now he's making this big announcement. Oh, big announcement, you know, okay. So this is the reason that the market's up because if you go to the US 500, look, uh, it's basically exactly just like I told you guys yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, so we had over here.

00:16:57
This was let me show you on one hour, that you can see so you also understand it, you also understand it, so this was basically yesterday when was this if I think somewhere over here or here somewhere, so you had this dump that's always happened, so you got the dump and then Paul starts speaking, there comes the pump. So this is the pump that happened and we're still pumping by the way, but I think that Paul is also feeding this pump and he's just pushing wait a minute are we also waiting a minute? We go no, no, we're definitely not okay. So now over here, this thing is just ramping up, where's my box by the way.

00:17:37
Where's my box, oh yeah, that's my box, nice, nice, nice, so here's my box, so we're still just traveling over here, let's put it on the daily, so we're just traveling over here, and well this is this is this is resistance and this is also resistance, so we'll probably get a rejection from these levels, so um I'm very I'm looking guys I'm you know I'm waiting I'm letting this pump happen I'm waiting for also for this announcement this is this circus announcement to happen also, and uh you know it's very simple, uh we're going back into shorting. That's just what's going to happen. Then you can tell, well, MW, what do I mean by shorting? If you're going back, what was this then? This wasn't shorting, guys. This was stablecoin.

00:18:40
This was just, you have to see it like this, guys. You guys have no idea. You guys really have no clue what's going on. When I decided to make a stablecoin out of this layer, short, you have to understand that this is almost a 27x as we speak, a stable coin. So what does it mean? It means if you got like, you know, let me just give you guys a number-50k. Do the math, that's all I have to say; it's a stable coin to me. I don't care anymore. You know when you see me saying this is a stable coin to me, know that I don't care anymore; I just put the money and let it there, put the money and keep it there Put the money and keep it there.

00:19:21
Put the money. I don't care about it. It's my stable coin. And the more it wants to go up, the more I'm going to add to it. It's just my stable coin. Every freaking dime I make, I just put it in. But I didn't expect them to pay me out this fast. Actually, I did. But you have to keep in mind that if it's your stable coin, you know, you can also see it like this. You know, with this position now. For sure, this position has been decreased by at least 75%. Just keep that in mind. Don't think that this thing. Because I think that if the position was still the same, this thing would have went up already. So the position is decreased by 75%.

00:20:02
So there's no need to pump this up now. But listen, this thing, you have to see it like this. Only the 25% that is running now in this position. Let's just say I can open up 30-40 big positions now and uh my liquidations level will be will be super super high because of this position. This is something I never explained to you guys but for another time, for another time. So uh basically, what's gonna so for me uh it's now uh really really preparing for it for the shorts. So um It already started, to be honest, so slowly. We're going to talk about them in a moment. We're going to talk about some coins and how I'm seeing it, what I'm seeing, and I think there's a lot of money to be made.

00:20:55
But, you know, first of all, we have to wait for this news to come out. When is it coming out? Does anyone know in how many hours this circus is going to begin? Around three hours. In three hours about yeah two and a half, two and a half, okay, two and a half, three hours, okay, so pushy, pushy, pushy. Then let's see, maybe we'll get peep, and then down, and then down, whatever, so uh, Trump is getting his show, so uh, yeah, great for Trump, so I'm eyeing for the shorts by the way, also some pretty nice longs have been opened, so let me go into what did I want to show you guys? I want to show you guys something else. Let me go to my green; I was eyeing this one in the morning, this one, guys, look at this one, guys, look at this one, see this one.

00:22:07
So did you guys know that, you know, past days I haven't been checking on this chart? My bad. I'm sorry, guys. Forgive me. But I didn't check on this chart. So today I decided to go and check on it. So when I checked on it, you know, every time when I see Bitcoin, you know, finding some momentum, ramping up, I always go to this chart. Why do I go to this chart? Because this chart shows me what the wheels are doing, what they're planning. That's always why I'm going into this chart and I think that you guys should do the same, uh, so, so basically what are we seeing over here, uh, what we're

00:22:46
seeing over here is first of all this line over here, this could be a possible, uh, double bottom so if we're gonna find some support here and this thing starts bouncing up, this is bearish for Bitcoin by the way, for the one that don't know what Pax GPTC is, XGBTC is, uh, basically if this thing goes up, Bitcoin goes down, and when this thing goes down, Bitcoin goes up, it's basically Gold versus Bitcoin so it's just what wills use the flip so we are, so we're heading into some, uh, some strong support over here but the support could also reach this one, so it's it's basically between the 33 and the 31, uh, let me put it on a weekly

00:23:31
and let me put the indie on, you guys see this, uh, it's also because we had this break out of the indie and we're coming back to retest it, I'm just saying guys keep this in mind, keep this in mind so we broke out on the indie it does it doesn't now this is the real test So keep this in mind. Keep this in mind. Don't let Michael Saylor fool you. Don't let Michael Saylor fool you, please. Let's see. Let's see. But also, by the way, there are some, you know, there are some I didn't check it myself, by the way. But, you know, I've been reading some of those. Some of those traders, they say there are some or there are some-there are some heavy, heavy short liquidations above the 100 possible.

00:24:30
But let me tell you this: the real traders they don’t have liquidation levels above 100 so you know whatever so uh if it if it is it's retailers it's just greedy retailers that are you know shorting bitcoin on high amounts and having like uh stop loss or liquidation level at 101, 102, 103, whatever. But we're going to talk about Bitcoin in a moment. So this is basically what I'm eyeing now. This is my show. This is my show. So let them watch the heat maps and the beat maps and whatever map they want to watch. I don't care. I'm watching this chart. So this chart is now for me. This is law for me. This is number one. And then we have another one.

00:25:27
What are you? What are you? It's a mess. Yeah, this one. What is this one? I think this one we lost. Oh, this is, by the way, this one, we lost this one. This was exactly when we started to buy in over here. When we were at these levels. And now we're losing. Oh, this is, oh, this is good for altcoins. This is looking super bullish for altcoins and for Bitcoin.

00:26:02
I haven't been checking these charts lately, but look at this, guys. We were so focused on altcoins. Look at this. So we broke on this uptrend. We lost the Indy. We retested the Indy. Came into support. Sideways, sideways, sideways. Retested the Indy again. Getting rejected. And off she goes. this is oh, this is really, this is how you make money in crypto, this is one nasty candle, hmm so basically this so paxi is getting into support but I'm not seeing you know I have this box is this so is this We still have some more space for this. Dump it down. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, we've got the Indy. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. We've got the indicator. Indicator over here. We've got the indicator over here. Same like Paxi for retest. Oh, this is going to be, you know, this is, you know, you guys know me. You guys know who I am. you know i always tell you exactly what i think i don't flip around so this is really what to think about this so this if this thing is gonna hold that's super bearish but you know

00:27:59
yeah this this this is a tricky one this is not i'm not i'm not seeing a clear so we've got over here the weekly support but you know i don't know i don't know and this this chart i just don't see i don't have any clear signs on what oh we're testing the 100k already so let's go to bitcoin by the way let's forget about everything oh bitcoin oh bitcoin bitcoin is basically this so that's why we're seeing that usage so how high can bitcoin go um bitcoin is following the markets by the way right should be yeah yeah it's following the markets 1 . 2 already so they really are hungry for whatever you know whatever trump is gonna oh this is gonna be so

00:28:57
You know, a lot of people, if you want to, for the ones that know me, I think many of you guys don't know me, you know, when I see this, you know, the only thing I'm seeing is a lot of gains and a lot of money in the making. The only thing that I'm doing now is, you know, if you want to get into my mind, I'm now not thinking about whether or not it's going down. I know it's going down. And it's going down hard. I just need to know when. So when you see me, while I'm doing the live stream, I'm thinking together with you guys. I'm trying to figure out the when. It's all about the when. It's not about the if. It's always about the when. You know, everything goes up, everything goes down at some point. But it's about calculating the when. When. It's all about the timing. When.

00:30:07
How did it do, by the way?

00:30:19
Thank you. I've seen it. Yeah, this one I was looking for. This is impressive. Basically, from when we bought it-by the way, more than uh 85 percent is being stopped out in uh the profits uh over here, I think on this drop with this drop, so I'm 85% out. By the way, guys, so uh this ramp up I'm missing this romp up am I gonna cry about it? No, why are you not gonna cry because I've got layers. Yes, I'm sorry, guys. I bought this bottom perfectly, and I took 85% out over here. So I'm really sorry. Bitcoin bounced up a little bit more with Trump going on and whatever and the Fed said. So I'm really sorry. But, you know, I've got layers to make it up for me, 35%.

00:31:31
Since we bought in over here that's that's that's that's damn impressive and how is this one looking ah ah you also want to go back to that so how is this one looking aha look at this guy, this is remarkable, this is so remarkable. So bitcoin is pumping well bonus is dumping okay now I need to check the E chart now I need to check the ether, so if it should be yeah you see, you see it is oh nice, 7. 5 percent each day that's super impressive and you know uh look at oh look at this one and break out of here indicator hold hold hold hold hold here the indicator becomes a little bit smaller. And then, ah, ETH is killing it. Altcoins.

00:32:41
You know, I really want to see the face of Scott Melker now. Scott Melker? What's his name? Scott, whatever. That wolf of Wall Street, I don't know. So, he said that this was impossible to happen. You should buy Bitcoin instead of ETH; it is making 7. 5 percent, and Bitcoin is just doing 2. 8 percent, so if uh whatever I'm not even gonna talk about it with these guys, so um yes this is impressive by the way, guys. I don't know what this is causing uh we got dominance at this moment dropping pretty hard; this is, I haven't seen dominant because the remarkable part about this is This Bitcoin is ramping up while Dominus is dropping. That's super remarkable. I haven't seen this for a very long time, to be honest.

00:33:40
I really haven't seen this for a while. So this is pretty, this is damn bullish. This is really damn bullish. But, okay, so that said, that said, so this is, by the way, for altcoins, very bullish, by the way. Be very careful with altcoins. But for now. Also, since we broke up off this thing, look at this thing. It's really mind-blowing. So, yes, let's see. Let's see if this thing will get into the box. I'll be preparing myself for some juicy shorts. What? What are you saying? Yes, yes, yes, yes. So, I missed this ramp up myself, to be honest. But I had some personal stuff going on today and yesterday, but I'll definitely catch the shorts. I think that there are some juicy shorts. So let's go into them. Let's go into them. Enough, enough, enough. So first of all, what do I got? What do I got? Let me see. Let me see. First of all, I want to check this form coin. Form. What is form? Forum USDT. Some birdies are telling me about form. What is form? What? Is this the form? It's another form. I think it's another form. Take the gate chart. Gate home. Gate. This should be four. Yeah, that's the right one. This is four. Yeah. Yeah, form. So it's called form.

00:35:37
What is this? What is it is? What is it is? What is it? It used to be BNX. Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah.

00:36:01
Only you understand why I'm laughing. But it's very good. This is good education for the retail firm. All you guys are here with. Listen, guys. When you analyze some altcoin, you want to analyze some coin and you want to, I don't know, you want to long it or short it. I don't know. You could open up, uh, you could, you could open up an altcoin like this, you know, you could, you could open up an altcoin like this or you could have even watched it like this, you know, you know like this, for example, you know like this, you're watching like this. Oh, this thing pumped so much, oh, bumpy, bumpy, bumpy! This thing might be ready for short, you know, yeah, yeah, but I want you to do this always before you're gonna do it.

00:36:55
Look at your eyeball. It's not on my chart. Yeah, well, it's the Gayla York chart. What do you mean? Ah, it's the Gayla York chart. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. It's still four. It's not four. It's the wrong chart again. It's the wrong chart again! Yes. I know it's right for me, no, it's not. It's it's no, it's not the whole chart you have some secret code I don't have, I don't have i don't have that in my chart. I'm sorry, let's go, let's go to the next, let's go. So this is uh for me, uh you can remove this, remove this, so let me go to the coins that we're going to talk about, that I'm interested in guys, let me show you, let me show you, let me show you, let me show you.

00:37:44
So first of all Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, someone told me, you know on Twitter, it's very, you know it's, you know remarkable. You guys can you please tell us what is the next coin you're gonna destroy as you have to be patient that that's something that doesn't happen just you know like okay let's let me know that it doesn't work like that. So um there's a lot of research going before that I mean you know when I want to make a promise I'm going to make it, by the way there's something else going on if the markets keep doing what they're doing uh the MW short EDF is coming into life again so I might start the MW short EDF.

00:38:32
again so that's something that i'm eyeing for now i'm eyeing to get the mw short edf active again because i think that there are a lot of coins uh this coin for example is one of them this will definitely be on the short edf What you said? Yes, you heard me right. This coin will be definitely on the short ETF. But MW, yes, again, this coin will be at the short ETF. This coin that you're seeing over here. Just saying. Just saying. So I'm looking for that. So this KITO, this volume is really massive. Massive volume from the Koreans. These Koreans, they really, you know. These Koreans, they really know how to pump their coins. But, you know, you all know this already. So this is no big surprise to you.

00:39:22
So keep in mind that we're heading into some resistance over here. So if this thing ramps up, yeah, well, you know, keep an eye on it. How are the funding rates on this one? Let me check, let me check how, what are they doing? Kaito, Kaito, because I think that they should be in red, Kaito. But I think this thing is ready. I think it's ready. Let's see, let me see. Well, it's getting green slowly, slowly, slowly getting green. So I think that Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, well, Kaito will Kaito at some point. No, I think that Kaito will Kaito. So let me check something else for you guys. I think it's very important. do

00:40:12
we got any unlocks coming up um let me let me check let me check with them okay guys bear with me i'm trying to find the money for you guys because you guys are over here for the money right you want to make money so you know let me let me let me find the money for you i'm trying to find the money for you so I'm trying to find you guys the money Money, I'm trying to find you guys the money where the money is made where the money is made Well, you guys are gonna make a lot of money money money money Let's see, so what do we got what do we got? What do we got? Oh, I got it all open. Why is it not?

00:41:00
So, we got move movies getting some unlock up Move it, move it, move it. And then we got layer. Well, that's obvious. Then we got, oh, I don't know what this is. Some shit going, I think. But this one is interesting. Let me see. How is the chart looking? We got one here. Guys. Stark. Stark. Stark. Stuck oh no oh no oh no stay away from this oh oh no no no no by the way if you see this it means that i shorted the crap out of it with this thing look at this don't show this don't show this never short this just stay away from it guys I know the more you watch my live streams you guys will become monster traders because why while you guys are with me over here, you know, every freaking time, you know, you guys are seeing live how I think and how I act and what's a red flag, what's a green flag, you know, that's about the best education anyone can get.

00:42:24
It's always, I think, in my opinion, also these live streaming streams are one of the best you can get. Let me check. Let me check. What is this? Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is an interesting one, guys. This is an interesting one. So I just spotted something. I just spotted something for you. I spotted something for you. I spotted something for you. I spotted something for you guys. I spotted something for you guys. Do you guys remember this? I know, I know, I know. Many of you guys, you don't remember this. I made so much noise about this coin over here, over here, over here. Because why? It's for me very simple. When I see that all the crypto influencers start talking about one coin, even Uncle Ren was talking about it.

00:43:20
He got them all, really all the whole package. You are getting the whole package, crypto influencing package. They were all shilling this coin. That was exactly the moment I told them, okay, this is a coin to short. You know, not only based on what they are saying, but it was. Look at this. Do you guys know that this thing has got an unlock? Do you know how much? Almost 60% is going to get unlocked. 66-0, Hello? Hello? Hello? Open up the door. 6-0, guys. Oh, oh mamma mia, oh mamma mia, oh mamma mia! 60%, so basically what I wanted this thing is what is this, but then you guys will probably think okay.' So, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute! You want to know how I think, right?

00:44:37
You want to know how I think, right? You want to know how I think, right? So, this is what I think. I'm going to tell you guys exactly what I think. I think that this is one of the most bullish coins to keep an eye on. What? What are you saying, MWE? Yes, that's what I'm saying. I think that this thing is super bullish. I only think that. Why I think that this thing is super bullish? This thing, first of all, don't short this. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Don't short it. You heard me right. Don't short this. That's number one. Even if you want to short it, short it on 5 minutes, 10 minutes, it's in or out.

00:45:29
Focus on it if this thing closes in if this thing closes in in its 11 days, in 11 days, if the unlock after the unlock or even before the unlock if you see that the funding rates go red super high. This is one of those coins that you can longer crap out of use the indicator, use the in, use the indie and just trade it. Because I think that this is one of those quotes. It's already breaking out, by the way. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Is this a breakout? Let me do a little bit of wannabe TA. This is wannabe TA. This is wannabe TA. Let me do a little bit of wannabe TA. Yeah, this is wannabe TA. So you got a sort of a breakout.

00:46:25
We're breaking out. Oh, bear flag. Yes. Yes. A breakout. So this is a breakout. How's the volume there? It's an interesting one. Guys, you know, if you see me focusing on one coin, know that I'm smelling money. I'm smelling money. There's some money going on over here. Something is going to happen over here. So, $ 30 million. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. I think with this 60% online, guys, I think that the whales are interested in this one. And what do I mean by that? Interested in. pumping the crap out of this and why will they pump the crap out of it because they're gonna wreck a lot of retailers they're gonna destroy those retailers but it's a bit too early in my opinion it's a bit too early if they were like you know four five days you know that would give me you know some more you know 11 days is a bit too early for me but guys i'm telling you and remember what i say

00:47:46
this coin maybe in a week a lot of action gonna happen on this a lot of volume and when that volume hits in use the indie trust the indie you know just trust it trust it even more than your wife or your husband or your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever that is you love trust the indie you can make sick money on this coin so keep an eye put your alarms on this coin look look rejected rejected rejected now we're breaking out so i'm not telling you too long it now i think it's a little bit too early for me now but uh let me just say i think that really this coin will go up i think that this coin Will go up, I think this coin will really maybe even double from price before the unlock, maybe double, maybe even triple.

00:48:45
That's what I think. So, next one. Next one. What do I got? Is there something? Oh, MW, we love that you're doing this unlock also with us on the live streams. Yes, we love you, MW. You keep surprising us in every stream. You keep showing us other stuff. We love you. I love you guys, too. But, you know, to be honest, the unlock is not a lot. Whatever is going on there's this going on I don't know what this coin is I don't know if yes yes go go back to form I found the issue it's at all-time high with the market cap that's because they like uh they merged 100 they put 100x on the coin like it was like 6 million before now there's 500 million or 600 million coins so that price is not it's not relevant Oh, this is an interesting one, by the way.

00:49:42
Thank you, Salso. Thank you so much. This is an interesting one. Aha! We found one. Aha! This is an interesting one, guys. I told you I'm going to find you something. I told you I'm going to find you something. I told you I'm going to find you something. But let me see. Is it, you know, is it available? Is it available? Is it available? Is it of a level? What is this? I told you I'm going to find some. We're going to find some cookies. Okay, so it's not of a level. I think this is just shit. Anyway, I was, you know, I was celebrating too early. I was celebrating too early. Yes, I suck, guys. I know I suck. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I know I suck.

00:50:34
I was celebrating too early. Yeah, this thing is what is this shit? Let me check guys. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Let me check it. Why Bitcoin? Why? Why is an exchange? No, I think it's an exchange. I think it's an exchange. Why? Let me let me let me see what it was. Why do it? Well, it's a native coin of a large cryptocurrency. I thought so. WeBT is a native coin of one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in Europe. Aha! Now it's established in 2018, become leading. Good for you guys. Good for you. I'm really so happy for you guys.

00:51:20
I'm really so happy for you guys. I'm really so happy. You cannot imagine how happy I am for you. I'm so happy for you guys. Oh, you know, you guys rock. You guys rock. Yeah, you guys are just scamming everyone else, but you know why? Not just you know you're scamming the whole world, so why not? So yeah, well, you know... We got over here: top hot loss 33 percent, six percent, five percent, and then one percent. So it's basically uh, the new binance, this what I'm seeing over here, but this is basically just the new Binance, okay, so whatever... Uh, I wouldn't invest a penny in this coin, by the way, just that you guys know... So I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, guys...

00:52:12
So this is also uh, no go, so that's it, guys. So let me go to the Koreans, Koreans, Koreans, Koreans... Oh, by the way, guys, I want to talk about Loom, by the way, guys, because we were watching Loom and then I saw on Twitter, I'm sorry, that I missed it yesterday, I'm really, really sorry. But they're going to, I saw something about delisting this and I don't get it. Why? Why is Loom getting delisted? Why? What's the reason behind it? But the delisting of Upbit, look how strong Upbit is, guys. This is why we need really, you know, we need to take Upbit very seriously. Because look, this dump is just because they can delist that. Why? So that's why this thing is a no-go.

00:53:05
I tweeted about it just pretty directly after it, and I told you guys this is really a no-go. So let me check another one that I'm seeing also. This one. This one is the volume keeps hitting in, guys, so keep an eye on this one. It looks like they're not done yet, I don't know, I don't know it looks like it wants to, you know, you feel me, it wants to so uh, this is one of those coins, not interested in any short if you want to, if you want, I would only be looking for, for longs on this one as long as the, as the volume stays, so we had a nice call from Salsa, so shout out Salsa for this one, uh, it's safe

00:53:56
here, it is here, it is nice, nice, nice, so uh, we had this pump over here also, uh, Koreans by the way guys, Koreans are, Koreans are, Koreans are doing whatever it is they're doing but this is Korea so it's retracing a little bit over here so uh, what do I got more for you guys, what do I got, what do I got, what do I got, I need to show you guys. Ah, there we go. Oh, by the way, this is one of those coins that, you know, I'm going to probably trade also. Where is it? One minute. Where is it? Where are you? Where is it? Let me get it for you guys. Let me get it for you guys. So this is one of those coins that, you know, we already.

00:54:53
We already shorted it, but I think there's, you know, I think you can make some more gains on this one. See? Now this dumpy dumpy, you know. You see this? You see this was the rejection of the indicator, just like it was over here, Alpiman. You see this, Alpiman? Look at this, Alpiman. Put your glasses on, Alpiman. See this one? And now you get. You know? You know, Pima? Maybe. Maybe. Yes, maybe. Just saying. So, there's another one. Oh, what is this, guys? We need this gravity. What is this gravity, guys? This gravity. Gravity, gravity, gravity, gravity. Gravity. G-U-S-D-T. Let me see. Gravity. Is this gravity? I think this is gravity. Yes, this is gravity. What is this, guys? What's going on over here? Can someone explain what's going on over here? When you see those lines are probably shorter, this one but we're not looking for short now uh this is the Koreans let me give you this one and then we're going to close it down by the way, guys.

00:56:22
What is this? Okay. Okay. Looking good. Looking good. Looking good. Nothing bad. So look at this, guys. Are you seeing this? Looking bad. Looking bad. So bad. Oh, look at this, guys. Oh. Oh. So this was a nice retest, but then it dumped down. I hate that when that happens. You see this, guys? Injected. Rejected. Up. But if it doesn't hold the line over here, it means, in my opinion, that the bulls are a little bit not, you know. But either way, it's, you know, it's romping up. The Koreans are behind it. So maybe, just maybe, it's G. So look at this. And this thing is also super racked. So, you know, this is one of those coins that, you know. Those Koreans can pump up with 60, 70, 100, 200%. This is one of those coins. So keep an eye on G. Keep an eye on G, guys. Keep an eye on G. Could be. Could be. Could be. Could be a nice one. Do I got something else? No, I don't got anything else. So it's, you know, there's not a lot going on. I want to see Fart going, by the way. Where's my long ETF, by the way? Long ETF. How's my long ETF doing, by the way?

00:57:54
Fartcoin. Fartcoin. Where are you, Fartcoin? Ah, Fartcoin is going for the 130 again. That's what Fartcoin is doing. Fartcoin is holding the Indy on the daily beautifully. And then Fartcoin wants to go again. Basically, that's it. Not a lot interesting. coins going on suey by the way suey oh suey suey is doing what it's doing what do i got more whatever swarms swarms are still just swimming over here oh trump yes of course trump uh how's virtual doing by the way hmm virtual is one of those coins i think well it already did a retrace this retraces oh This retrace was massive. Ah, you know, this is really one of those, you know, I gave the call to short this, but it's, you know, I missed it. Oh, this was really a 32% dump.

00:58:55
I knew it. I gave the call to short this. I just don't remember to who I gave the call. I don't remember who it was, but I gave the call for this one to get shorter because this one, but it. It already did a 32%. That's just too much. So, let me see. Can you do a training course? Yes, there will be training courses about fundraising lists. Definitely. So we're ready for Trump. So looking for shorts. Use the indie pink. It's that easy up and down. Don't let them fool you. Check we become maxi exchange liquidation habit as you mentioned in the last stream um let me let me let me let me see let me see because um you know people somehow they just don't believe me or you know whatever it is but um look at this they're seeing this they're seeing this but i keep you know people they just don't want to believe me

01:00:08
you know i get it you know because they are you know even though they are with me here but they you know a lot of people have been scammed destroyed by a lot of influences out there so i mean it's normal if you're if you're if you're very cautious even if i would say so there's nothing wrong with that nothing there's another coin look at this you see so you are trading on maxi look maxi seeing this i've seen this look at this maxi look look what is it here it is 50 minutes five minutes since i did it in one minute that's how sick they are here this guys I understand, guys. I was, you have to understand, I was, my first partnership was with Maxi.

01:01:13
Why do you think it was with Maxi? Why? What's the reason? The reason was because they had the lowest fees. That's why I partnered up with them for the retail firm so they can trade without paying a lot of fees. But then I came to, then I find out that what they do is basically they offer you the lowest fees out there. This is how they make money. If you are trading on an exchange and, you know, I don't know, even you're not using a stop loss, because your stop loss could even not get hit on this one. That's even worse. That also happened with a lot of e-firmers by that time before I stopped my partnership. You have to understand that. Liquidate. What?

01:02:02
You just go to sleep on a position and your stop loss is like a 5, 10 times far away. You wake up, you're liquidated. Huh? How? Yeah, the price came down to this. Guys, I remember that time. I was getting DMs for like 10, 20 DMs a day. Listen, MW, we've been stop haunted. We've been liquidated. We've been this. And then I made a lot of noise with them. And then I just stopped whatever it is I was doing. This is how they make money. So I rather pay just average fees, just like on Loafing or Bitinex, than pay low fees. And then when they hit you, they hit you so hard. So it's pretty sick. Thank you for sharing, Akib. Yeah, VBT, Bob, it's not interesting. Just stay away from it. Stay away from it. Stay away from it. Let me see. Let me see. Do I got something? I've seen this one. Yes, lazy bear. I was eyeing this one. I think A-I-O-T. Yes, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. This coin, yes. This is Oxo. Oxo.

01:03:27
Okay, let me use another chart because this chart says, I-E-O-T-U-S-T-T. Let me use this one, let me use this one. So, let's see, let's see, let's see. Yes, okay, of course, of course, of course, you're going to do this. Of course, you're going to make my life miserable. Okay. okay okay okay okay okay, you guys find one, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine. Okay let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see because I was eyeing this coin, basically I was eyeing it so I was already on it. Oh

01:04:25
Salsa, can you check the funding rates on this coin, please? Please, please, while I'm checking. Can you help me, please? We looked at it already. Sorry? We looked at it already a while back because it was also on volume. Yes, but this coin is, in my opinion, ready for a strike. I think it's ready for a strike. If you're really, really, really looking for a coin, I think that this is one of those coins that is ready for us. On Binance, they're positive. I think this coin needs my attention, to be honest. I'm going to be super honest with you. I think this coin needs a little bit of my attention because this is a new coin, right? Yes. Yes. Maybe it's worth looking up on this coin, I think. I think. I think we should look at it. What do you think, Salsa? What do you think? I'm looking at it. It's at the moment only listed on Binance, not on Bybit. So this is something that. It's not listed on Bybit. So that's dangerous, right? Exactly. That's what I would say. But it is on Binance. Yes. Okay.

01:05:48
So let me tell you what I think. Let me tell you what I think. What I think is, I don’t know what this coin is. I don’t know what they’re doing. The only thing I know is that the market cap is super low. So, they can push this coin up very fast. So, this makes this coin super, super dangerous. Because this is the big danger. So, if you want to understand what the danger is in shorting this, it’s the market cap is too low. Because you have to see it like this: if those market makers will find enough shorts opened, it only takes them change money to liquidate or to wreck because they can push this thing up another 200, 300, 400 out of nothing; they don’t even need a lot of money for it.

01:06:35
So, be very careful. So if you, by the way, guys, this is, in my opinion, just one big policy scheme. So I would be super interested in shorting the crap out of this one, but it's too dangerous. So if you're going to short this one, use the Indy, do it on a low amount, low amounts, small amounts, play money. So don't do it on big amounts. But I think that this thing is ready to, you know, you know. Come back. Come back. A little bit back. Come a little bit back. Make a drop of like 20, 30 percent or whatever. Whatever. I think that's it. I think that's it. Okay, guys. I really love you guys. We're going to see what Trump is going to do.

01:07:28
Maybe it's going to, you know, get this last bump up and then a dump down. I don't know how big his news is, but this guy's full of crap. Take it with you know like we say in Dutch: take it with a grain of salt, so just prepare – I'm gonna prepare myself for some uh juicy shorts. Um, so how are things running here? Okay, so us 500 is just looking to break this level here, uh, so let's see, let's see, let's see what's wrong, Trump! We got like two hours to go. So, guys, so be prepared for that one trade – the Indy. And, well, you know, it's a little bit disappointing to me, to be honest. You know, I expected to find more FOMO coins, but there aren't a lot of FOMO coins available.

01:08:17
You know, this is, you know, with dominance dropping, I would, you know, I would really think that there are a lot of FOMO coins out there. There aren't. Let me see. When I look at, you know, there is one. There is one other. I want to, but, you know, this thing just moves when, you know, when ETH moves, this thing moves. It's that simple. That's this meme coin, Marg. You have to just keep in mind that, you know, when, you know, when, when, when, when, when Bitcoin, when ETH moves, Marg moves. So let me show you guys Marg. Why not? Marg. Let me show you guys Mark. You know, I'm looking for a juicy one. I'm not seeing for maybe later. I'll share it on Twitter. Look at Mark. Mark.

01:09:10
Look, Mark. Mark is editing. By the way, guys, I destroyed Mark. For the ones that don't know it, I really destroyed Mark. I destroyed Mark from here. I just totally destroyed Mark. If you think that I destroyed Leia, I didn’t destroy Leia. I destroyed Mark. You know, meme coins. I destroyed meme coins. I just destroyed my account; it goes to zero, but this thing is breaking out. But this is really easy guys. This is just if this is if Mark is built, I think on the yeah it's, I know it almost sure this thing is built on the East chain so this is just Eath and well let's see let's see let's see, Mark is also one you have to keep an eye on this thing ramps up more, yeah it's no short for me over here but keep in mind that, but there are not a lot of coins.

01:09:59
It's also you want you want to show us a coin well basically all memes are pumping at the moment if you look at the top gainers, there's a lot of memes there. I don't think Mark is pumping the most yeah Penguin is also uh looking yeah it's probably a lot of volume compared yeah it probably is also related on the easiest thing I don't know but I think it's all It's those ETH-related coins that pump the hardest. But it's, let's say, they're doing good. They're doing good. Everything's going great. So let's just see what the next step is. Let's first of all watch what these freaks are going to do. Let's see what Trump is going to release. There's this BS news, whatever. Let's see how the markets will react to it.

01:10:46
So for me, it's very simple, just like I explained in the beginning. For me, it's now over here. And let's just say that I think that we're going to get a rejection. I think that we're going to get a rejection. We're going to get a rejection. Let's see if the wheels on Bitcoin can liquidate some greedy shorts around the 100K levels. But either way, I think that there is when that's when the reversal will slowly come in. That's what I think. So I think that the shorts from now in about two hours, I think that several shorts will hit. and i think that the gains will come from those that's what i'm eyeing now

01:11:24
okay i gotta close it up thanks all for watching have a nice one and uh i don't know for sure if i'm able to do because normally i do my live streams monday wednesday uh friday so now i did monday tuesday thursday so i don't know if i'm gonna do one tomorrow uh but i'll definitely if i don't do it tomorrow it'll get an extra one in the weekend definitely get an extra one in the weekend because i have to see how the marks will close tomorrow because um if this thing will start if this thing will this thing what is it if this thing will start where are you are you are this one if this thing will start dumping we have to make a lot of money in altcoins it's that simple so have a nice one thanks for watching guys have a nice one and bye-bye.