*** Live Stream 04-29-2025 What #Altcoins are ready to Trade Today *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome, MWM. Welcome again to Encrypto. Welcome, Rital Familia. Familia do Crypto. Welcome, welcome, welcome. So, you know, it's very strange, you know, when I don't do a stream like one day, it feels like I miss you guys for eternity. So, and I think it's the same. I think it's the same. You know, maybe I should just do these live streams every freaking day. Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not? You know. It just feels, oh, oh, something happened to my ear. Oh, what's going on? Oh, welcome Rico Familia. It's so strange. It's just when I did two live streams on Sunday. Today, I think it's Tuesday. No, it's Monday. Saturday I did. Saturday, two streams. And then just one day, you know, I already miss you guys.

00:00:50
So, oh, you know, that's the thing with, you know, that's the thing with. That's the thing with crypto, it goes so fast, it never sleeps, it always goes on, and you know it is what it is, so uh, let me first of all start, we got over here, we got Janice, the first one, nice bro, welcome living the dream, let's go, uh, welcoming the house, yes, you know the will it will kill her, you know there are so many scammy welcomes, I'm gonna talk about those scammers in a moment, so we got this, is Bob, we got Crypto Fiora, we got Helena, Helena just released a new creation, so shout out, shout out guys, to Helena, give her some love, guys, give him some love, so uh, good afternoon retail familia, GF bless is in the house, we got Scott, oh Scotty's over here, so we got Travel 11, uh, we got Aqib, we got Alpiman, I drunk Alpiman,

00:01:50
but it is Aqib, He made a cup of tea, so we got Supark, Muhammad Ali, Mark Collette is in the house, guys, Mark Collette, shout out to Mark, shout out to Mark, guys, you have to love Mark, you have to love Mark, love, Mark is really a special person, He's really a special person, trust me when I say so, Mark is a really big special, it's a beautiful. I love to meet all these people in the world. They just. They got their hearts at the right place. Spaceman. We got Paul. We got Craig. We got Top Doc. Oh, Top Doc. Top Doc. Top Doc in the house. Top Doc. Top Doc. We got Walid. We got Flakes. We got Antz. We got John Doe. We got Ellen. So, Travel is in the house.

00:02:36
Yash. We got Avalina. The Doc is in the house. We got Elpink. We got KPNs. We got Ziggy. Ifran for Jerry. Let's see. We got Deathbrick. We got Flakes. What do we got? We got Righteous. We got Jen, Rodan, Sousa. It's great, great to see you guys all over here. So, yeah, let's do some music today. No, no music. There's just no time for music. No music today. Sorry, guys. Sonia Schmidt, hello, hello. So first of all, guys, I want you guys to be very careful with these scammers. You know, these scammers, you have to see it like this. You have to understand how these scammers operate first. That's the first thing. So how scammers operate is this. They act as if they are a retail firm member. That's just what they do.

00:03:33
They're like comedians. They come into the community and they start chatting with people. They start DMing people. They start, you know, they're building, building trust. So while they're building trust, what they do is they watch my live streams, every freaking, all my tweets, all my live streams. They're maybe even here listening now. You freaking skimmers, skimmers. So, what they do is they listen very good to what I say and, you know, what I want to do. So, and then what they do is they start contacting. With the firm members, they start contacting them and they start talking about stuff that I've been talking for example, let me just give you an example. Like you know, I'm planning on doing this this high volume uh trading group guys as long as I didn't announce anything official on my official you know it's very simple: the official accounts are on my link tree so anything else is a scam, everything else comes to me, I've got you know I've got a molecular and there is GTC Insider.

00:04:29
Those two, they're on the link tree. And then you got my Telegram account, it's in my link tree. So it's very simple: everything else is a scam. Just don't trust them. Even what they do is they use AI and whatever to act as if it's me. They can even make my voice, the way of writing, et cetera, et cetera. That's what they do. They hunt you down. And unfortunately, some retail firm members have been scammed. And, you know, they all say MW, we know it's just, you know, they're even ashamed to say so. Don't be ashamed if you're scammed. Don't be ashamed. But you have to tell me so I can keep warning people because I just don't get it. What is, you know, I'm going to put it in my bio very soon.

00:05:20
I will never, ever, ever, ever DM you first. So when you like hear me say like, you know. I'm gonna open up a big, big, big trading well, it's very simple. Uh, when I announce it, you are the one going to DM me and when you DM me, I'm gonna respond to you, you know? Or, or the GTC Insider account they will. So that's number one so this way you can never be scammed because you are dming me, you're not you're not dming some scammer. So that's number one. Number two is and this is the the trap people keep falling in and that's these scammers, you know? They come with a big story like this and we're gonna do that or whatever all that all that crap and then they're gonna feed you greed.

00:06:05
I don't feed greed so first of all when someone feeds you greed when someone tells you, listen, we gotta find you send us some money and we'll make those trades for you, you're gonna get rich. That's greed. They're feeding greed. I don't feed greed. I will never, ever tell you that you're going to get rich. I'm never going to tell you that, you know, 100% win. Never. I'm never going to tell you because everything you have to do, you have to do it yourself. I will never, ever, ever ask you to send me money. Never, ever to invest or to trade. I will never do that. So when someone asks you for money, all the alarm bells in your head should go off. Oh, wait a minute.

00:06:44
Even if it's really me, even if it's my account, I could get hacked. If anyone asks you, okay, send us money, it's a scam. It's a scam. I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever ask you for money to invest. If you have to pay something, it's in the link tree. We've got forms, official sites. That's how you get there. I will never ask you for money. So please, little fam, please, please, please, please, please, you know, because every freaking time when I see that one of my little fam members, they get scammed, it makes me so, so sad. You know, it makes me really, really sad. And please, guys, please, guys, just please, don't let them fool you with their greed. Don't let them fool you with their bull. It's very simple.

00:07:36
I've got my account. It's a verified account. I've got the business account. It's inside. It's a verified account. These are two. And we've got my link tree. Every account of us is our link tree. Anything else is a scam. You know, if someone contacts you with some whatever account out there, and you go to my link tree, and then you click on my account. Oh, that's not you. Telegram. Oh, that's not you. So it's a scammer. Doesn't matter what he's going to say. He's a scam. He's just a freaking scammer. So this is flakes. I love this one. This is flakes. Exactly it. So treat everything a scam until proven otherwise. That's it. So you knew that one. So anything you see is a scam. Okay. Okay. Guys, I have to go to go.

00:08:25
I have to go on because, because listen, guys, these scammers could be here with you. And maybe a lot of you guys don't understand why I'm very strict when I see that certain people in the retail fan make mistakes. I block them. And I block them forever. There's no coming back. You know why? I have to protect the people from getting scammed. That simple. So, okay, so let's, what are we going to do, by the way? Yes, we're going to do a lot today. We're going to talk. We're going to make money. Money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Old markets already, you know since I was you know I had a meeting this this morning when one of those big people-big investors or w/ w and w/ you have to come to Token 49.

00:09:21
You have to come show the best freaking oracle we have in crypto, you know. He told me don't swear, don't swear. He told me it'll be Token 40 now without you over there is nothing. He told me you are the oracle of crypto, you know. This guy-why he's talking like this? Is he made uh six figures from previous Monday when I told them guys it's time, I think that money will flow into crypto and you know the news came on Tuesday that when it happened officially, so that's always how it happens with MW. He tells you something today, and then tomorrow you get all those big accounts sharing the data. Yes, the biggest inflow in crypto yesterday. Yes. Who told you? MW. Yes, so he made six figures-this big investor.

00:10:06
Maybe that's why he loves me. Maybe. It's just what it is. So, honey. Are you guys looking at honey? Look at honey, guys. Honey. Yes, honey. So, Travel11 is with us today. So, maybe he can say something about honey. Because he said last time that this is a project that might be, you know, a good project. Well, if it's a good project, I told you if I would buy this, I would buy this back. So let me put on the indicator. Yeah, you see, it's back at the Indy. So this is my style. You know, I don't care how good a project is. You know, those charts rule everything for me. That's it. They rule everything for me. So the charts show me where the money's from.

00:10:51
We're going to talk about a lot of. A zillion of altcoins. But first of all, we have to go to the markets. Okay, so first of all, what do we got? We have got, I think it's FOMC over here. Correct me, Wednesday. No, not over here. FOMC, I think it's, is it Wednesday or Thursday? I think Powell's coming up. I think Powell is coming. Correct me in the chat, but I think. Love the project despite the chart. It's a good product. It's working. They earn money. You know, trouble, you know, okay, okay. Trouble, you have been with me for a long time, so you know me by now. I don't believe in any project out there. I only believe in making money.

00:11:37
You know, and, you know, when a product pumps up, when a product goes up, when this goes up and makes this dump down, mmm, mmm, mmm. So if they're making money, yes indeed they're making money by dumping their bags over here that's how they're making money so basically so if the project and the fundamentals are good guys i don't know so travel knows something about this project i don't know but you know if you're interested in buying this this is the level to keep in mind the 27 cents so if you're interested let me let me check by the way let me check before i'm gonna say something let me check first of all i have to check if this thing is solid or not if this thing's solid or not honey honey honey

00:12:20
honey honey honey honey honey hive mapa hive mapa you know there's still there's still some money out there you know so this is trading wise maybe investing wise i would be only interested if this thing comes even lower to these levels even here i'm trading wise maybe interested if there is some money flow going in otherwise i'm not interested i just i don't care how good their fundamentals are i'm just not interested um fmc 7 of may oh seven of oh seven of may so what you know what was i seeing once it oh no it was not fmc i'm sorry i'm sorry guys it's it's it's three after so it's um let's see what Was it again what was it again what was it again there is something else oh we got PC I think it's PC yes I think it's PC PC is coming up guys PC is coming up PC is coming up uh PC let me see PC is coming up yes Oh, deep is doing deep things. Deep is going deep, guys. Deep is going deep, guys.

00:13:45
Okay, so what do we got? We got CB Consumer Tuesday. We got the Jules job data on Tuesday. We got GDP. Very important. Yeah, GDP. It was GDP. And we got GDP. By the way, guys, we got GDP over here. That's what, you know, I had it over here. Oh, deep. Don't go so deep. Deep is going deep. Up. Deep up. Deep is going deep up. I'm going to show you deep in a moment. Koreans, Koreans, guys. Koreans, Koreans are on it. Deep, deep, deep. Koreans are going deep. The Koreans are going very deep. What is deep doing? Let me see this deep. I will add it. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. What are you doing? Oh, deep. Oh, deep. Oh, deep. Deep, I think you're pumping a bit too much in my opinion, deep.

00:14:33
Maybe it's time that I start giving you a little bit of attention, deep. Maybe you should cool a little bit down. Just this cool down, because I think that 'deep' is going a little bit too deep. My alarms are going off, that's why I'm seeing 'deep'. By the way, guys, so my alarms are going off on my phone and I'm thinking to myself, 'Why is 'deep'? Why is 'deep' going so deep? Why is 'deep' going so deep, deep, deep, guys. Koreans, they're really... I told you already, they're the heroes of crypto, guys. You have to trust me, believe me; they are the heroes of crypto. So let me see where it's 'deep'. Where are you, 'deep'? Come, come over here, 'deep', wide.

00:15:11
Let me see where 'deep' is going very deep so deep, 'Deep', book a book that's going very deep, 'Deep', deep, deep, deep, deep. Why are you pumping this much 'deep'? What's going on, 'deep'? Why are you doing this 'deep', 'deep', 'deep', 'deep'? Why are you going so deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep

00:15:41
deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip dip

00:15:56
You know, I just don't get it, but these Koreans are monsters. So basically, Deep, I think Deep, Deep is one of those 2 ,000 P &Ls. You know, Deep, Deep, Deep, Deep, Deep is. So let's make something like this, make something like this. So we got over here. Then we got over here. We got over here, the all-time high. Deep needs to take a breather. Deep, you need to, you know, take a breather, deep. Take a breather. Let me put it on a four-hour. Let's see what deep is doing. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. Deep is going deep. Don't go so deep, guys. Why are you going so deep? Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep.

00:16:46
Deep is going deep. Deep is going deep. Deep is going deep. Deep, why are you going so deep? Deep. Hey, deep. stop it deep deep deep deep deep deep come on koreans pump it up koreans come on let me see deep yeah deep so it's basically the volume the volume on deep at this moment as we speak is 226 million oh boy oh boy deep wants to go deep well if deep wants to go deep you go deep with it you know that's just deep deep deep deep you want deep you need deep one deep you know deep deep deep deep deep deep deep so we got first touch are we going to get a second touch over here and then we got this red zone backing up so yeah i would say Guys, very important.

00:17:53
You know, I'm going to repeat myself. I'm going to repeat. Why am I talking about deep, by the way? Oh, yeah, because of the alarm gun. Sorry, guys, I forget about it. So let me first of all see deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. Let me see the funding rate on deep, by the way. I always use the funding rate looking on deepy. Deepy. Hey, deepy. Deep. Deep, deep, deep, deep. Deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. DP, DP, DP. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad, Mark. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. This is red, but it's not dangerous red or whatever, you know? It's not dangerous red. So this is healthy red. This is healthy red. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad.

00:18:39
It ain't so bad. And let's see DP. DP, maybe you're going to make some money. But listen, guys, to get back, to get back. You know, I already prepared you guys for this. I prepared you guys for this now for weeks. But, you know, unfortunately, a lot of retailers, they're not acting on this. And I want also the spot traders to focus now. So spot traders, not leverage traders, spot traders. I've been telling you guys, you have to keep an eye on the Koreans. That's number one. You have to keep an eye on the freaking Koreans. And while you're keeping an eye on the freaking, freaking, freaking, I didn't swear. I didn't swear. It just came out. Freaking.

00:19:13
Koreans guys, you have to trade the Indian 104 hour I told you a lot of times they don't trade leverage they do it on spot so you have to go with them and they use my indicator how many times do I need to repeat myself that indicator is worth a million dollars you have to trade based on it you see it over here boom back hold hold hold hold Boom, boom, and there comes the move. And then, okay, that was the first move. Come back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back. Boom, there she goes again. Do you know how much money you can make using this indicator? You cannot imagine, but you have to do it. You have to do it.

00:19:49
And I can show you, like, we're going to talk about all those altcoins, and I'm going to show you the same style. Because this is what the Koreans are doing. And for sure, some of them, they go below the indicator for sure. But you have to see the ones that the money is flowing in. You can get filthy rich. You can get filthy rich on this. But you have to do it. So, especially for high-volume traders, you have to prepare yourselves, guys. You have to keep preparing yourself. A lot of things, a lot of big stuff are coming for the big trading, for the high trading courses. And for the beginners, I don't even know what Salsa is. I don't even know anymore. She's traveling so much around the world.

00:20:24
I don't even know anymore what she's doing. So I just don't know. I just don't know. Because, you know, everything is, I think, as good as done, but, uh, yeah, it is what it is, so, uh, I'm waiting for it and let's see, let's see what's gonna happen, let's see what's gonna happen. We're going to see what's gonna happen, but you know, for the beginner's course also, it's very important because this is what makes you money. Look at this boom! But we're going to talk about it in a moment; we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it. So, for my now, this is this is you know I told you guys already, also on Saturday.

00:20:53
You have to focus on the freaking logs, it's about the longs so especially for the spot traders because spot traders they don't show it. This is your time to shine. So when I tell you, okay, Monday, Prisma, I told you, okay, bullish crypto, okay, bullish, bullish, bullish, bullish. So as a spot trader, you should focus now. Focus now is your time to make the 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 6x, 10x, whatever. This is when you guys got to make a lot of money. So you have to focus. And especially when I tell, listen, guys, you have to focus on the loss. Focus on the freaking loss. Focus on the freaking loss. And I tell you, okay, I'm done with it. If I'm going to focus on the loss, does that mean that we don't show it?

00:21:29
For sure you can show it. For sure you can show it. You use your indicator, the ones that pump up very good, just like honey, for example, honey. You can short the crap out of honey. Because, listen, if I'm going to show it, listen, so now we're talking about deep. So let me show you. Where is that honey, by the way? Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey. I love you, honey. I love you, honey. Where are you, honey? Oh, honey is not here. So honey decided, okay, you know what? W, no honey for you. So let me let me show you honey let me show because you know I know already you know

00:22:00
I did a check it but I'm gonna check it now together with you guys let's see how it's gonna look let's let me see honey so for example honey so this is the chart okay so let me put it there we go honey honey look at this honey are you seeing this uh alpiman honey this is your entry this is your entry we lost it or this was your entry it doesn't matter Boom. Congrats. Alpiman was late because he didn’t see it like he's always not seeing it. This was your entry. Boom. And that’s how you make money. Over here, out, out, in, in, in. And this is, again, your entry, Mr. Alpiman. Boom. And they're down. And now, same stuff. And so on and so on.

00:22:36
You can even put it on the one hour. Okay. Alpiman is not always on the chart. He just doesn’t know what he's doing. No problemo. So over here, this over here was your entry. Okay, there you go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You can add to your position over here. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And there you go. You're printing money. You're printing money. So it's not only on the way up. It's also on the way down. You know, I can show you this on any chart. You don't have to ask me. Just do it. You know, a lot of times the problem is people think too much. And, you know, Alpiman is one of the best examples of people that think. He thinks. He thinks more than that he acts.

00:23:13
I hope that his wife appreciates that, but that's another story. But, you know, he thinks too much. Sometimes, you know, let the MW indicator do the thinking for you and you act. Let the indicator think. You act. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, Boom, boom, boom,

00:24:01
You know, and then we got, but it's a lot of chopping around. But at this point, we're reaching really the 50% level of this dump. So over here, this is where you have to be careful. So even if we broke, so this is the next level to watch. 5,616, if we're going to head over here, that might be the time that we're going up. Also, we got a lot of earnings going on, by the way, guys. So earnings are always also very important coming up. The DXY is holding the line for now. I think after this dump, I think it's a matter of time this thing reaches this level and then over here we'll get the battery test. I'm just saying that's what I think, you know that's what I think.

00:24:37
Uh, you know I'm giving you guys what I think, that's what I think. Virtuals is also getting pumped by by the way, travel so um, we're going to talk about virtuals in a moment but uh, let me let me tell you, so this also this thing already made a big rise up, so look at this, we're getting a reach, so we maybe this thing wants to come down over here and then I can show you this one. Uh, this one also, we had a rejection away from this line coming back to the indicating that's when we have to focus again. Uh, there's another one that I'm very interested in, uh, where is it? Where is it? I know I'm really Looking at it, and you know I think to myself, okay, something needs to happen on this thing.

00:25:13
At least, this one, this one, you know, this one is, is one that I'm really eyeing for now because I think that something will happen on this oil, oil, oil, oil, oil. So um, basically what we're seeing over here is removal, first of all. Let me move to get a bigger picture over here, but I think that oil, oil, oh, we already hit the fifth; I didn't see this one, I would have bought some um, yes, oil so oil is also very important uh la familia, oh if you know, let me just say, this guy's if this thing comes back to the 45/ 40 regions, I will buy myself a big bag of gold. I'm just saying, I'm just gonna hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, something okay, so that's it guys, so uh, then back to honey.

00:26:03
Oh, here is honey. Uh, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, um, we go to bitcoin first and then we go to honey, bitcoin. Oh, bitcoin, nice, bitcoin, nice, bitcoin, nice, nice, nice, bitcoin is doing what it's doing, so the money is really flowing into bitcoin. Bitcoin's finding momentum by the way, guys, this is by the way not Michael Saylor, guys, this is really just uh people just like I explained you on Monday they are just uh you know getting getting both and you know it's very remarkable. Every freaking time when we you know when I point out the the tops and then after it I point out the bottoms and then after the bottom, you know when the news is very bearish etc. etc.

00:26:42
You gotta bounce up and then after it, the good news comes, it's you know it's mind-blowing if you're boarding over here, you really should be sick profits over here, you know it's it's madness. So um, and now we're reaching this resistance level of 96, 96 but this thing could go higher, it could go higher, it could print a little bit more, it could print a little bit more, um, it's of nothing, it's it's still you know the bulls are marching, it's all about the bulls. now the bulls are still marching but this is we're already now in pretty pretty pretty strong resistance levels so you have to be a little bit careful over here

00:27:19
guys be well be careful over in this block if you're gonna break above the 97 98 okay then we can go to the 100k again but for now it's you know this is danger zones this was the you know i got a lot of people they dm me and should i buy and w should i buy mw should i buy how long have you been following me yeah well like three months yes you know when it's time to buy i scream it on my live streams so uh go back to this go back to these these dates over here beginning of april that's When I was screaming bye', I was screaming, 'Maybe Helena can make a vid about it

00:28:04
', I was saying 'bye bye' you know, you know this is this is the thing in trading, you know when you know when I say when I'm screaming, I'm buying, I'm buying at that moment, there's a lot of fear in the markets and then you got all these retailers, it doesn't matter if I'm screaming 'I'm buying' or bye bye', because they don't care that we're just too afraid to put any money in, oh why, oh maybe you should buy now, is getting bullish and that that doesn't happen a lot. And this is typically retailers in the markets. This is why that beginner course is so important. When markets from here go up over here, so they pump up with 40, 50%, and then MW, is this maybe a good time to buy?

00:28:53
Why? Where were you 40% ago? Well. To be honest, MW, I was a little bit afraid. I thought that the markets would dump down. Yeah, but it's the same. Because over here, you think that markets dump down more. Over here, you think that markets will pump more. This is just an average person in trading or in investing or in crypto. Above, when prices are at high levels, you think, oh, well, you know, this thing is so bullish, it can only go up more. I won't take profits and I won't open up any shorts. Okay. Okay, fine by me. You do you. Okay, and over here, when it's down, no, MW, this, you know. MW, do you think I'm blind? I read the news. I read what's happening on Twitter. I read everything.

00:29:44
The whole world is going to collapse. Everything is going to collapse. You're crazy. I'm not buying here. I'm not buying a falling knife. Okay. Okay. You do you, so we got the dominance, oh dominance, oh lovely dominance. I love this by the way, guys, the more this thing goes up, the the richer you'll be, you'll get at buying altcoins, so I love this, I love seeing this. By the way, um okay, so that's about that, so let me go into the altcoins, you know it's just time for all of us by the way, guys. This coin, I'm gonna start with this coin, so this is a little bit of MW, this is a little bit of MW. This coin, you cannot buy it on Blowfin, also not on BTNX.

00:30:31
By the way, guys, if you want to join us, if you are just a patron, you want to join us, you want the MW Indicator. The MW Indicator, you will not get it by just being a patron or a Telegram member. There was one month that you, that month is over. Maybe I'm going to do a new one soon, but to get the indicator, we're still waiting for the shop. don't know where the shop is going there you can get it in the shop directly at the same moment if salsua will uh finalize whatever it is that she's doing or you can or you can trade and blow off an orbital x and get 100k trading volume already explained it's not a lot it's not a lot just and then you can get it also edms your id and uh boom boom you got it you also get even more important you'll get access to the trading course bits

00:31:23
one two number four so and let me tell you guys about this one because i was eyeing this one you can buy this by the way if you want to use uh like like you know you can use a dex or uh figure out where you can buy it i don't know where you're gonna buy it but it's on gate . io i think and anyway i want you guys to focus on this coins and why do i want you guys to focus on this coin this coin this is a coin as stmx so stmx um the koreans are on it so what i'm seeing here is you know when i see that the koreans are involved and i see that our price is still about informations how is that possible how is this possible how is it possible so it's already they have to pair with the korean currency also so based on this i also I love their tokenomics.

00:32:23
The tokenomics look good also. So we got the tokenomics looking good. We got the Koreans are on it. And now comes the most important part, by the way, guys. And that's something that I'm, you know, you know me, guys. You know who I am. I'm always looking for you guys to make the big money. That's what I do. I'm always looking out for you guys to make the big money. By the way, you can get it on Upbit, BitGet. BitGet has got it. GayDiot has got it. Bithump. It's on Binance US. It's on CoinEx. It's on PolyNix. So there you can get it. So why am I saying? You can also get it, by the way. You know how I do it? For me, it's very simple.

00:33:02
I've got, you know, where I can buy it on the exchange. Yes, yes. If I can't, or weeks. If I can't get it over there, I'll just buy it from a desk. MetaMask or, you know, whatever. Whatever you want to just flip some money into it. So, but yes, this coin the fact that you cannot get it on weekends, or blowfin on Binance uh, this makes me even more bullish about a coin because a listing, yes, a listing could ramp this thing up so um, I remember STMX very well. You know why I remember this? I remember this STMX from Bitfavo. So it came on Bitfavo by that time, very early. So, he had this coin at Bitfavo. So, StormX is one of the first global cryptocurrency-based solutions to reach worldwide markets.

00:34:05
There's a mobile app, a browser extension, aims to bring users cash back crypto for whatever, with enterprise partners like Samsung. With enterprise partners like Samsung, Nike, and Lego. Oh, okay. Good for you, StormX. StormX also allows users to stake the native STMX token to boost their rewards. The company already attracted investments on BlockFi. By the way, guys, before you got to think, I don't know STMX. Contact me. This is not paid. This is also not paid. Whatever. You guys know me. Please don't even think about it. And let me tell you also, I don't own any STMX. I don't own zero STMX. And nobody paid me for this. And I don't know the team. I'm just giving you guys, as I always do, my honest opinion.

00:34:54
And I think that most of you guys, that's why you love me. Because when you've got a person in crypto, and he's the best trader out there, and he also shares his objective view on altcoins, you know, I wish that I could find someone like that. I really wish that I would find someone who would just, you know, boom. Give me just your honest freaking opinion as a crypto expert and a trader. That's it. That's all we ask for. We don't need anything else. We will pay that 30, 40, 50 bucks. We don't give a crap. Just give us your honest opinion. But don't give us an opinion that the company paid you for it and you're going to dump those bags that you bought in before telling us on us and that will tank the price.

00:35:33
Please don’t do that, MW. I don't do that. I'm against that. I'm against that. You know, I can show you guys like a million. DMs on my ex account for projects that want to collaborate with me and you know wants me to chill coins for a lot of money, a lot of money. Okay, so That's about it so You know this makes me even more bullish so you guys know me by now So this thing this coin has got all the ingredients that MW likes and MW likes healthy tokenomics and MW likes button formation NW likes when certain coins are not listed on many popular exchanges. And NW likes when the coins are involved. So we got the whole package over here. So, yeah, I will be buying a lot of STMX at the right time.

00:36:28
And, you know, for me, it's only a matter of, you know, for me, it's only a matter of one email. And I got this thing listed on exchanges. Yeah, that's how powerful I am by now so if I want this coin to get listed on on an exchange it only takes me one little bit typing and this thing is listed so it is. Am I going to manipulate the price? I don't know, I don't, I will not even ask for it, I will not even ask for it, I'll never do it but let me tell you this guy's uh you have to keep an eye on this team work so I'm not buying SD MIX now by the way I don't give a crap I'm just not gonna buy it now just like

00:37:08
know very simple I just don't feel like it but let me tell you this guys so if this thing comes back to the zero 30 cents I'll buy, I'm gonna buy it, I'm gonna use my I think I'm going to use my what am I gonna use I think I'm going to use my Dex wallet I think I'm gonna use uh OpX for that one. So I think I'm going to flip some on my MetaMask, I'm going to flip some STMX. But not now. It needs to come down 20%, 30%. That's it. And if it doesn't come down so be it. So this is how I, you know.

00:38:02
Can we do layer update? Sorry, not interested in STMX. Okay. Okay, whatever. Okay, whatever. So let me go to this one. Let me go to this one. Let me go to this one. Meta. I don't know. The Koreans are on it. I'm telling you. I'm showing you. Meta, the Koreans are on it when the Koreans are on it, uh, you have to focus so meta look at this testing the four-hour indie over here meta hmm, I would have loved that this thing would dump a little bit more; it's a little bit of in a dangerous cell for me, this coin, next one, groan, nice, this is this.

00:38:56
Look at this. Okay. This one is very interesting. This thing pumps very hard, by the way, guys. I want you guys to focus on Elf. Elf pumps very hard. Elf, when it pumps, are you seeing this? Look at this. Look at this. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Wap. Look where we are. Look where we are. Look where we are. Look where we are. You see this? you see this, and the Koreans are on it so maybe the next up with this trend line over here how much 200 triple your money but listen guys, you know it's, you know it's you know all; you know I think a lot of you guys are used to following all these you know wannabe technical analysts with all those trend lines and all those, you know, the numbers on it and the text on it.

00:39:58
And this is resistance, and this is support. And then you've got this fib circle. Then you've got this; you've got this volume sticks on the right side. You know, then you've got these heat maps. And then, you know, over here is where the liquidity lays. And over there, this is where the this is. And there is that. And then you've got below it, you've got this RSI going up and down, you know. And then you've got the stochastic RSI also. Rocket science. This is how MW does his AETA. You see this? This is my TA. This is how I do TA. I dare you to challenge me. I dare you to challenge me. Come. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. All I have to say is you have to focus on this one.

00:40:46
Focus, please. Focus, please. Focus. Please focus. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. I'm getting a message. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. I'm getting a message. Message. Message. Vertical. Message. Vertical. bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum

00:41:45
so we got sonic over here and i'm not liking this to be honest and then we got this qtc also already made a rise up retest keep an eye use the indicator and then we got this me oh oh oh wait a minute oh oh guys what is this let me let me find another chart what is this this is on hdx me usdt

00:42:18
Let's see Binance. Does Binance have some more data? Oh, oh, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. What's me doing? Me, me. What are you doing, me? Me, me. What are you doing, me? Me, let's see what me is doing. Let's see me, me, me. Magic Eden. Magic Eden. Oh no, no, you know as much as I like this, no not liking the tokenomics of this one but listen if they want it if they if they want it you know if they want to scan this one do they got some unlock going on anytime soon because that could be a reason also for me let me see you guys let me see you guys Me, me, me, me, me, Magic Eden. No, no, no, no, Magic. Magic Eden.

00:43:25
What do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? Me, me. Okay, I'm going to come back to this me. I'm not liking the tokenomics, but it's trying. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Alpiman, look, Alpiman. Over here, rejected, rejected, and now it's trying to break out. So the breakout could be huge. So use the indicator. Koreans are on it. So if you're going into any long on this one. Make sure that you take profits, uh, on the way up because I'm not liking this coin, I'm not liking it at all. So, someone was asking me about Layer; what do you want to know about Layer? So, let me go to Layer; let me go to Layer; so this is Layer. You want Layer, okay?

00:44:00
So, whatever, let me make uh remove remove this uh; let me show you Layer, so you want to see Layer, okay! I think I already talked way too much about Layer, but nonetheless, so later we did our thing over here. This was the first day, the first one that we put on the four-hour and then uh, we took a big chunk of profits just like I educate you guys on the Indian four-hour over here; you see it, you see this, so I'm educating you about so boom! You take a lot of profits over here and Then, well, you could flip long if you want or whatever. Over here is bouncing up and it's holding the line very beautifully, and this is where the GTC team is loading up again.

00:44:47
So, if you want to know what about layer that's what about layer. So, the team is loading up big again on the money that they took out over here, they are putting it back in here again. And then I already told you also maybe they want to go for the double maybe they want to go for the double so if the double gets in place, so this boom boom double or maybe even a lower low and then maybe the big ching ching will happen. So if you want to update about this, you don't even need An update because I educate this so you should know this already, so if you see this thing is just traveling, okay going go, go, go, go, you know what the team is the team is destroying again and you know I don't want to keep talking about layer too much because the market makers might

00:45:38
uh, keep uh, holding the price up so the retail firm will not benefit from it, so I need you know I need to get quiet a little bit about this coin, I said already way too much about this coin and nothing changed, everything I said, I mean it and I stand by it, and I don't care even when the markets when I said that we have to flip bullish and that things would Go up very strongly, even then the only coin that has not been removed from the shortlist is layered so that says enough. So the only thing that I can tell you now is that you know, just like if you watch trading course vid 4, if you didn't watch trading course vid 4, you really have to send us your UID and the trading volume; we will give you access to them.

00:46:24
I already explained you guys how it works on these Chase trades. So it goes up over here, you take profit over here, it goes up over here, and I even nailed this one-I even tweeted that I was going to flip the alt trade uh gains into a short, and after it but like you know, three minutes the price Dumped down very hard over here and then over here I trained you okay over here This is where you take it out, take the profits when it goes up again, you start building again. And I also told you we might do this double for sure, maybe we can even break it up I don't care; they will destroy it, this trade. I don't have to repeat myself too many, many times.

00:47:05
And if you don't have the patience for it or you're not trained for it or you're emotional or you're tired, it means that you're not made for trading. So this is one of the biggest lessons you get in trading, especially if you want to make the big buck. If you want to make the big buck, you have to be strong. You know, a player, it's just the positions are getting built. Everything is going on. And I will cash out very big on this one. There's zero doubt in my mind. I don't want to explain this. And, you know, I don't even watch the charts anymore. I don't even give a care. I've got my alarm set. When they go off, I know what to do. That's it. And then just wait for payday.

00:47:48
That's it. When they get tired, it will be payday. So that's about it. So let me... I don't know about these coins. I don't know what they're doing. But let me. Go to, I want to show you guys this one so virtually this is also Korean by the way guys, but you have to see it like this guy. So basically, I missed this entry, see this one I got filled on this blue box, but my big entry was in this box and I missed it, yeah, so I got a small bag I could have had a really big bag, uh, it is what it is. But for the ones that remember me about virtuals because I think that a lot of you guys don't remember, but I know for sure that Travel 11 remembers.

00:48:29
So, travels we have been talking about travels over here and while it was over here, I already told you if I would be interested in travel in virtuals, it will be below the one back I said it months ago. So, it came over here, uh, I got filled over here and then. I lowered my buy orders to this one, okay that's my mistake, that's my mistake. So, you know, I'm also just human. I made a mistake. I should have bought in. They didn't reach my levels over here. So I wanted to buy below the $0. 40. Well, it didn't go below the $0. 40. It stayed above it. But again, this is what I've been showing you and I've been teaching you. You know, this is my investing portfolio.

00:49:13
It's just like 20% of my money. But this is how you trade. This is the exact look over here. So we lost over here. Came back, retested Indy. Back, reset at Indy, reset at Indy, back, Indy, Indy, Indy. This was your confirmation. Especially when I say on Monday, you have to flip bullish. And this is exactly what I've been explaining you guys for weeks now. Just freaking listen. Above the Indy, you flip bullish. This was your entry, and there you go. So even if I didn't get hit over here, this is my investment portfolio, but my trading portfolio, which is 80%, by the way, I'm making these gains. It's not as if I missed it. Okay, there it is. So we got this one and then we got also this AI.

00:50:07
So these AI coins are, you know, they are doing what they are doing. So we got AI16 also. Guys, I want to tell you something. I want to tell you something. I want you to know. These AI coins. You have to understand. The story behind these coins is very simple. They pump up. They dump down. That's it. So, what does it mean? It means you always secure profits when you trade this. Always. Go with the flow. But you see it on AI16; it's the same story just like I showed you over here we went up back to the indicator, retest, retest off, she goes, 'It's that simple,' so this AI console, uh, what is this? This uh, look at this. Oh, maybe Travel 11 can say something about Eliza.

00:51:05
Look at this one; didn't take off yet – are you seeing this? Yeah, it's sort of taking off. Same story, boom! Retest, retest. This was your entry. This is almost 50%, guys. Do you know? You see how important it is that you just respect this indicator? It's almost 40%. Look at this. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this? Guys, I want you guys to just tell me, are you seeing this? I hope you guys are seeing this, but are you seeing this? Look at this. Look at this. Just look at it.

00:51:53
Just look at it, guys. I want you guys to keep looking at it.

00:52:19
Let's look at it, guys. So this thing is taking out. Trevor Levin, what do you do? I'm sure you've heard this one. Okay, so what's so good? Okay, so very risky play. What do we got? Okay, over here we got Trevor Levin. So very risky play. Eliza, they're building a real robot. Okay, so how is that risky? If they're building a real robot, so um they're building they're building a real robot okay well let me see let me see the talk let me see the talks let me see the talks let me see the talks Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza Eliza what is the price of Eliza it's 43 cents 43 cents it's 43 cents so Eliza what's what's going on Eliza no is it for real no is this come on for real is this is this for real this is this is

00:53:35
It's 20% up, guys.

00:53:41
Hmm. Eliza. They call it, is this, wait a minute, they call it, it's on Blover, they call it Eliza Soul. Is that the one? I think that's the one. Travel? Travel confirmation. I bought some spots for one month ago. Is it is Eliza Soul what's this, what's going on over here, guys? You know, is that all you have to say about it that they're building a robot? That's all, let me see, Eliza, Eliza, what do we got on B2NX by the way, guys? What do we got on B2NX? Let's see, B2NX. B2NX. Do we got B2NX? No, B2NX. Okay. What about Wix? Does Wix? Wix mostly got this crappy coin. Yes, Wix has got it. Ah, you can loan it on Wix. Ah, monsieur. Monsieur, mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi?

00:54:53
Let me tell you this, by the way, guys. This coin. Uh, don't be shocked when I say this, please just just bear with me, bear with me. This coin has got a market cap of um, 4. 3 million, what are you saying, yes, MW it's listen guys, it has got a market cap of 4. 3 million, okay, it also has got a market to fully download the market gap of 4. 3 million, so I don't know what virtuals is doing, I don't know what what AI 16 is doing but if Eliza is one of those coins and is related to these guys, um, guys be ready because this, if you want degen, if you want degen and you want, you want a coin, uh, they're building a robot.

00:55:50
It peaked at 170, nuked down to 2. 5. Well, that's a big nuke. But, you know, after the nuke, what comes to, 111? They are part of the AI16 ecosystem, but independent due to Real Robot company. Okay. So they're related to AI16 ecosystem. Okay. They have the wrong name. They are not perfect. Okay. That's one. Okay. So, okay. So, okay. But this could be interesting. Because, you know, I'm liking the market cap, first of all. I love the market cap. And I love even more, I love the chart. Look at this. And if travel 11, if, you know, so the team is not dead. Agreed? So the team is not dead. So they are building something. So let me see what is market cap telling us about it.

00:56:46
The market is telling us nothing about it. Eliza is a real girl. So this is what CoreMarketer has to say about Eliza. Eliza is a real girl. I think, you know, no team is active. Just going back to 0. 1. So, well, you know, travel. So if there would be, listen, let me tell you this, guys, because, you know, I'm not here for the fundamentals. I'm over here to tell you just what I think based on my honest opinion. Okay, that kind of works. So you want my opinion, right? This is what you want. 4. 5 million. So that's number one. That's about the most degenerate coin you can buy. That's number one. Number two, the chart; you know, you guys know me. So I don't have to say more about the chart.

00:57:40
Look where it is. Number three, this is. This is the perfect setup I've been explaining you past weeks above, the Indie come back look how do you think that it's a coincidence that this thing is over here and then bounces up, guys just listen I'm almost crying over here just listen to me but you know this is perfect setup and you know this coin use the Indie make money, that's all I have to say, you know uh so just just look it up and by the way guys, I'd love to be with you for another hour, you know I think let me know in the chat do you like how we do things now because you know I did a market update and this is, you know it's boring markets are boring now there's no danger, I'm seeing you know it's just boring going sideways so but do you love it while i'm doing with you guys live these coins and

00:58:42
you know the thoughts do you love this if you love this let me know in the chat because i'm gonna do more because i think if if listen listen listen travel if if upbeat if up it gets involved with eliza then it's it's it's you're rich this is also something that you know this is also something that that i want to do with you guys i want to hunt down those coins that are not on up it yet So I want to hunt down those coins. You know, we have to analyze those because Upbit is listing the bottom, the coins at bottom formation. That's why I'm just, you know, I'm just looking for those bottom coins. And, you know, we buy just a little of them, a little bit here, a little bit there, a little bit here.

00:59:24
And then if one or two or three of them get hit by the Koreans, whoo, there we go. And so Eliza, by the way, let me see Eliza because I didn't check this one yet. Eliza is not on Binance. Eliza is not on. I'm not seeing a lot. Let me see perpetual. You've got some perpetuals on weeks. So Eliza still, suppose that Eliza gets on Binance. Just imagine. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then it gets even more. So, okay. So it's just me doing some broadcasting. But unfortunately, I have to run because I have to go. I've got a meeting. By the way, guys, I'm still doubting if I'm going to Token 49. It's Wednesday.

01:00:09
And a lot of people are pushing me, pushing me, please, please, me, go, please, so I'm really doubting, so if I will go, it also means that there will be no live stream uh on Wednesday if I will go, and also something else um, so I'll try either way I'll try to do a live stream tomorrow um, let me, let me think because I've got something to do tomorrow so um, I cannot promise but I'll try my best to do a live stream tomorrow. So if you decide to go to the token, then, yeah, well, then you've got the live stream on Tuesday. And, you know, so that's about it. So, okay. So, okay. No, you guys do not love it when I do these coin things with you.

01:00:55
So, you just want to market updates. You want me to do the altcoins that are on volume and that's it. Okay. Well, so be it. You choose. You want me to do it that way. I'm going to do it that way. You guys decide. You guys decide. You guys decide. It's your world. Thank you all for watching. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. Enjoy your days. Happy trading. And please show me the P&Ls on Twitter later today because I know it's going to happen. I know it's going to happen like always. You know, I know it's going to happen like always. Guys, it's very simple. If I ask you to let me know in the chat and you're too lazy to put in a few words, then okay, well, so be it.

01:01:33
Okay, well, that's it. And that's it. Never again. Never, ever, ever again. So never again. We're going to do this. It's over. It's you. You wanted this. It's not my choice. It's your choice. You chose this. You wanted this. It's not me. And I don't want. And I'm already late. And I love you. Just kidding. Would you go? We're going to do it again and again and again. Guys, I'm telling you, there is nobody. You have to see it like this. You guys are with me here on the live streams. Live streams, not everyone has got access to them. Only you guys, the members. There is only one that has been telling you about the Koreans like three weeks ago until the day of today, most of the crypto content creators are not talking about Koreans.

01:02:16
Well, they're the ones pumping crypto. What does that tell you? That tells you that you have to be just deaf to those guys. Just forget about them. Block them. Don't watch them. Don't see them. Because if anyone would care about you and want you to make money in crypto, they should have told you about the Koreans like three weeks ago already. They didn't. Do you think that they don't see it? They see it. Do you think they don't see my post? They see them. Do you think that they are just Koreans, don't pay them? Koreans don’t pay them. And when they don’t get paid, they will not show you anything. They’re not telling you anything; they’re just out there. They need to get paid to tell you about a coin. They need to get paid to tell you about the rise. That’s what they do. And when you get paid, when they get paid to tell you about something, it means that that price will probably go to dump. So, you’re gonna get wrecked. Have a nice one. Thank you for watching. Bye.