*** Live Stream 03-23-2025 Crypto is made for Traders,  Not Hodlers ! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome, RetoFam. Welcome, welcome back into a weekend. Yes, Saturday, today, you know, I'm being very generous with you guys. I'm being very generous with you guys. I'm really so generous. So, welcome, welcome, RetoFam. So, what are we going to talk about today? We gotta check Bitcoin or Bitcoin is doing; I'm gonna check some altcoins. We're gonna check no, we're not particularly gonna check the financial markets, we already did that yesterday and Friday, so yeah, so we're gonna talk a little bit about this and a little bit about that and a little bit about this and a little bit about that. Uh, so we're gonna talk about uh We're going to talk a little bit about this, about this, this. What is this?

00:00:58
How much is it? 100K. Yes, yes. We're going to talk about this rug pull. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. By the way, guys, all credits go out to Game Trading Quip. So it's, you know, shout out to Game Trading Quip because they, you know, they had the balls, you know, against all odds. They had the balls. We're going in. What? Yeah, we're going in. They had the balls to also go in big. They had the balls to, you know, take the first profits. And then they had the balls to openly say to their members, 'We're going heavier in this time. And we're going really big this time on this one.' Boom. And, you know, shout out to the team. Shout out to the team. Shout out to the team.

00:01:48
So, really, shout out to the team guys because this is, you know, they did this a lot of times so this is not new or whatever but you know, yeah. So, this is, guys, this is just in one day; this is in one day, in one day, one day; this is almost, guys, this is almost 68 and they are in heavy, guys, they doubled their portfolio by the way, in this one. Let's see. They doubled their portfolio. Well, thank you. Thank you, Korea. Thank you, Korea. Well done, Korea. Well done. Because, you know, I said it yesterday. You know, I just tweeted about this. You know, I was talking to one of the DTC members in the morning, and he told me, he told me, oh, oh, MW, oh, MW.

00:02:41
Oh, we really wish that the retail firm could see you in the old days when you were fighting these Koreans, you know. Those were some exciting days. You know, you cannot imagine. Oh, those days were beautiful. Those days were beautiful. Koreans, by the way, guys, Koreans are good guys. So Koreans are no bad guys, you know. Koreans are just teachers, you know. It's just like the Chinese, you know, like Chinese, they like to gamble. Koreans are the same. They share the same DNA. But Koreans, I love Koreans. Just they were not my enemies; it was just like a sport because you know they were like organized trying to fight me when I was alone at that time but you know I was outsmarting them well I'm not going to talk too much about that so, but, but Koreans, Koreans!

00:03:33
They go in heavy guys; they like to risk high, you know. They risk high as to win high, but also to lose very, very, very high I'm just saying. And then you get an opponent like M. Willkiller against them, that doesn't like to lose high and doesn't like to risk high, but either way is very aggressive in his trading style. When you got a clash like that happening, so that's really a sensation. That's when you put out your popcorn. Every time when I challenge those guys openly on Twitter. Anyone who wants to challenge me openly, that's the only thing. You have to challenge me openly. I always hope that, you know, there is a certain group of Koreans. I always hope that they will accept the challenge someday.

00:04:29
You know, if they will accept the challenge, you know that there will be fireworks. I guarantee that. Because why? These guys have no limits. These guys are so, so aggressive. So, you know. That's the style that I have to adjust with them. I have to be more aggressive than they are, but you know, whatever. So that's auction against Crow so congrats to all the wheat farm members that you know, congrats to Gantrid and Krip and their members. I saw them today, by the way, you know. They just, you know, they just killed I think this is one of their best traits they have some. I know you guys cannot imagine it maybe, but they shared better traits than this one. They really did. So, but, you know, today I was reading a message from them.

00:05:20
They are advising people to go out of their group. It's mind-blowing. You know, they are advising people to get out of their group. They’re advising people to, first of all, come back. To me again, and uh get better and more educated by me, and they promise them all that they will have the ones that you know, the ones that will get out now they can get back in so you know shout out to you again shout out really respect you know that’s why I love you guys, I teach you well I teach you well honorable as you guys should be. So, yeah. What do I got over here? Oh, by the way, we’re going to do some Q &A today. And not only Alpiman asking the question and having the suggestions.

00:06:16
This guy always comes in drunk over here. You know, this guy, he pays a subscription just to, you know, when he's drunk, you know, he has nothing to do. Then he comes to join our live streams. Don't. Just don’t. So Janice, oh, Janice, hello, bro. Well, Germany, yes, Germany today. Germany, most of my followers are Germans. You know, this, it hurts me in my heart to say this. So it really, you know, it breaks my heart to say this, but you have to see it like this. The fact that most of my followers are Germans means that the smartest people in the world live in Germany.

00:07:04
Let me just say it like it is. The most stupid people live in the Netherlands because I'm from the freaking Netherlands. I've got a very strong community from the Netherlands, by the way. So shout out to those guys. But I'm talking about average now, guys. So don't feel personally whatever. But on average, Dutch people are the most stupid people. They got their own Dutch man, a Dutch person ruling the charts, nailing trades, whatever. And they're following. uh Michael from Papa, they're following I don't know, we got those other ones I don't know, I forgot about you've got this, oh yeah Crypto Rover and then you got what is this ash is I think it's also Dutch, you got this uh what is the wizard is also from the so that you know all this they're following those okay okay well you know there's one thing I know for one million percent sure is that they're all right that's you know that's so

00:08:02
so the Germans yes and by the way on the second place also mind-blowing Australia, Australia, second place Australia, so you know it's very weird someone from the Netherlands has got the most followers from his neighbors Germany and then second place comes uh comes Australia third place is uh United States by the way yes so it's it's really mind-blowing but you know The smartest people are from Germany. Yeah, Germany. So, Germany rocks. So, it's just Germany. So, hello, hello. We got Alcon Jealous. Helena, Helena. I didn't see Helena. I don't know, maybe she doesn't have the time. She got some family time today. We didn't see a Helena vid today. Especially with auction. Okay. This is Bob Top Duck. Top Duck. Oh, my God. Top Duck is in the house. Top Duck.

00:08:56
Top Duck. Followed by his other. Crazy buddy, Mario, truck driver Mark Collette. Welcome, bro. So, Muhammad Ali, we got, what do we got, what do we get? We got Salsa, we got Raza, Zubark, Walid, Amiros. Walid, I think you had some question for me. So, today's the time to ask a question, Walid, if you want to ask a question. So, we got Amiros, we got this Bob, we got Lamia, we got Scott Sota. Oh, my God, Scott Sotai, Grizzly, Scott Sotai, you know, I love his name. Scott Sotai. I just love his name, Scott Sotai. I don't know why. Scott Sotai. My name is Scott Sotai. I know, guys, I'm a bit crazy. It's just what it is. Why you won't rest and enjoy? Let me tell you this.

00:09:38
Let me tell you this. Today, I was at the beach. Yes, I was at the Jumeirah Beach. It was lovely. I loved it. It was Jumeirah Beach, and I didn't swim or whatever, but I did get my feet a little bit wet. And let me tell you, it was very, very warm. So, yes, I was at the beach today. I was at the beach today. So, LS, Andrea, what do you got? We got Chris Lee. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got Ziggy. We got Hans Heinz. Hans Heinz is one of the few Dutch people I think that isn't stupid. We got Loyal. Rob McCoy. The Highlander News. Good day, everyone. Spaceman. Pip, T-Blue, Fastlane, Zeeshan, Nicholas, Silver, Brian, Jacob, CB.

00:10:28
What do we got? We got Film C. United States is rocking over here after noon. Dita. What do we got? What is it? Could you please break down the Plume Trade? It would be great. Plume Trade? Okay. Whatever. WSTT Wormhole. Check it out. You don't have to ask me about coins that are on my short ETF because I'm always checking those out. Wrap it up. Von Papa. Von Papa. Yeah, Von Papa. Oh, my God. Let me see. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Snowy. We got. What do we got? What do we got? That's it. That's it. That's it. Nice. My wife loves the beach.

00:11:15
She also at the tomorrow beach. Tomorrow beach. Yeah. And let's see, let's see, let's see. Okay, okay, well, okay, okay. So let's dive in! Let's dive in! So it is what it is; it is what it is. Oh, so are we going to talk about auction? Guys, do we really need to? We don't need to talk about auction; I think we said we already talked about that, so I don't think we need to talk about that either. Do we really need to talk about and we don't need to talk about auction? You know. Oh, by the way, for Alpiman, I was Alpiman for you because this Alpiman, this guy is a bit scary; he always has a lot of theories and you know, always a big mouth but he just doesn't own the balls to do whatever it is while I was doing this past days, you know.

00:12:15
Well, mw, mw, Why are why are people so? You just wait for confirmation and then short it? That's it. Okay. So this was confirmation of 15 minutes to short it. I'll be mine now; I know. So this is also confirmation. Did you show this one? No, no. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No. Did you show this one? I'll be mine. No, you did not. I know you did it. I know that you did it. I just know that you did. So, okay. So he didn't do the DCA style. He didn't do the DCA style. Okay. But then you got this NW talking about it, the team going in, you know that already. Okay. So, and then you got the big mouth.

00:12:56
Why don't they just wait for confirmation? It's that easy. It's that simple. Okay. It's that simple. I agree with you. Did you show this one? No. Did you short this one? No. Did you short this one, Alpima? No. Did you short this one, Alpima? No. Did you short this one, Alpama? No. Well, let me even take it lower. Did you short this one, Alpima? No, you did not. Did you short this one, Alpima? No, you did not. So, you know, in trading, it's very easy to always have a big mouth and always to have an opinion about it. But, you know, at the end of the road, it's about the balls. Do you also

00:13:34
own the balls to put the money where your mouth is, you know that's all that's it, that's it, so that's it, so uh let me go to Bitcoin, let me see what Bitcoin, so basically guys uh we're seeing that this thing is holding pretty strong for now and you know it's it's it's to me now we've seen some downside but it's it's holding the line over here, you see. So now it's showing a little bit of, you know, a little bit of that and a little bit of this. So it's now holding a little bit over here. But, you know, it's not dumping. You know, to be honest, I expected this thing to be at the bottom of the index by yesterday. But it didn't. Why? What does this tell us?

00:14:32
when we see this this tells us that the bulls are weak the bulls are dead the bulls are not marching that's what it's telling us when i look at this if i would go to this chart it's the same story we're still holding you see we're still holding we're still holding we are still holding a line over here so let me go to bitcoin Now I understand why it's holding. So we're just, you know, we're just fighting the Indy over here. Nothing serious, nothing to be seen. So keep an eye on 87 . 5 again, guys. We already predicted this one. We jumped down. So now we want to retest it again. And let's see how the markets are going to open. Because the markets, they opened up pretty bullish, but, you know.

00:15:30
The closed are pretty bullish but you know whatever you know on the micro midterm I'm still bullish I'm still bearish on the market so and bitcoin also because where is my bitcoin chart this is my bitcoin chart you know we hit this zone hit it back hit it back hit it back so we're just traveling on the indie and what what did I teach you guys As long as we're below the Indy, we remain bearish. Exactly. So that's what we're going to do also. So if this thing wants to come up over here, we have to be prepared. So, you know, that's it. There's not a lot. Let me see this one. What is this one doing? Mind-blowing how dominance is holding the line over here, you know.

00:16:27
You know, it makes me sick at some point, but it has to do with this freaking monster that is also going to get rejected. So, by the way, guys, talking about this chart, you know my target. We're in the box. So, be prepared that you will be buying a lot of ETH when targets hit. You feel me? I'm going to buy on the dumps. I mean on the dumps. If you are a Bitcoin buyer, focus on ETH because this is where ETH needs to step up and say 'okay, Bitcoin, enough is enough' and it might dump even lower to this level that's the risk I'm willing to take at this point over here. You know, for me it's rather ETH than Bitcoin but guys, I'm only buying if if...

00:17:25
Bitcoin reaches lower level, so keep that in mind. So uh, that's something I wanted to show you over there or was something else and that we had we had today we had to take this... meme coins, guys! I tweeted about this also today. I want you guys to understand: I think most, a lot of you guys that are in here, you don't know me. Maybe you followed me since January, February. I don't know. But for the ones that have been following me since 2024, nobody-by far, by far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far! Nobody. Nobody. Nobody ruined and killed meme cons like I did. Nobody posted about them as I did. Nobody shorted them as I did. Nobody shared about them as I did. Nobody, by far, nobody.

00:18:26
I made a video already; I don't know, it was a live stream. I explained to you, well, you know, it was at the same moment when they, so the ones that rule your sentiment, so they, who are they, the biggest accounts in crypto, Twitter, YouTube, whatever, when they were telling you that, okay, guys, it's time to flip your meme coins into solid altcoins. The thing that broke my heart at that same moment is that wasn't that bad of an idea when I said that. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad when I said that. The thing that killed me was they said it when meme coins were already 80, 90% down, when we already shorted them to death.

00:19:09
So when they were shilling them, I was yelling, 'Short the crap out of them.' So we shorted them for 70, 80, 90%. And that's when they said, 'Flip them into solid altcoins'. Okay, so what happened after this is I made a vid. I explained to you guys in the details why I think that meme coins are here to stay. Meme coins are not going anywhere. It's also when I told you, listen, I'm going to put them on my long ETF. And also, listen. Because a lot of you guys, you know, I'm not sharing the P &L of SPX. I'm not sharing. You know why I'm not sharing it? Because I have no access to it. I will get access to it, and then I'm going to share. Where is it? Where is the SPX? Where? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?

00:20:17
I'm seeing this, guys. Only for the ones that remember when we bought in. Look at this, guys. Look at this. The ones that listen to me. You are, on average, you should be around 70-80% up. Almost doubled your money. Congrats. So, I think that meme coins are here to stay. I think that meme coins will I think that this coin will get back to the old time high over here. I think that this coin might even go higher. That's what I think. But you have to understand because, you know, I don't just do like they do. They just tell you something, you know. Today they say we're bullish. Tomorrow they will say we're bearish. Tomorrow they will say buy this coin. The day after they will tell you buy another coin.

00:21:19
So that's them. When I tell you something, I explain it into details. Why? I think what I think. Why do I explain this into details? Because it's the only way that you can make up for yourself with your healthy mind if you think that what I'm saying makes any sense. And if it does make any sense, you are going to have to make your own choice on what you want to do and how you want to do it. Because I will only tell you what I'm doing. And I explained already why I think that meme coins are here to stay. It's very simple. So I'm going to repeat myself in a very short summary. It has all to do with money. The syndicate, the VCs, the market makers, they don't like to buy in on projects that have locked coins.

00:22:13
Because why? Because they cannot. handle the charts they cannot rule the charts when they know that teams from the project itself might dump on them so if i would be a syndicate member and i want to buy for example spx i want to buy for example i want to buy like 50 million dollars of spx and i know that mr spx himself has got 500 million of tokens and i'm gonna buy 50 million i know that he might dump on me the 500 million. I'm not saying he will, but he could. So what does that mean? I'm not going to risk it. And that's the problem in crypto now, with those projects that got this big number of unlocks, of locked coins, and project owners that give themselves a lot of tokens.

00:23:06
Marketing gets a lot of tokens. This gets a lot of ICO, IDO, whatever. So this is what changed. Past year. And this is something very important for you as a retail investor, trader. You need to understand that. It's that the game changed. The people that, you know, the big money investors that were pumping coins like VeChain, like Zilliqa, like a lot of them. Those same group of people that had that money, they flipped to meme coins. And why did they flip the meme coins? Because it's easier for them to manipulate price action now to suck retailers in and make bigger profits. It's easier for them now because if you would listen to me, the past years it has never been about the tech; it has never been about the fundamentals; it has never been about whatever it has always been about the money.

00:24:08
And while I was educating you guys through the years that you should only focus on how to make money, don't care about whatever altcoin out there. Don't care for Bitcoin, about whoever, whatever. You know, even some retailers, they fall in love with their favorite crypto guru. So if their favorite crypto guru is, for example, he's bullish on Solana at the top. Well, if he's bullish on Solana, I'm going to buy Solana. Yeah, but Solana is dumping like 70%. I don't care. I'm going to buy Solana. Why? Because he's buying Solana. But you're losing money. So this, you know, there are a lot of stupid people in the world. So we cannot stop that. It will not stop. These stupid people, they will always remain in this world.

00:24:58
And we need them on the charts. We need them. We need them on the exchanges. These stupid people. Just don't be one of those stupid people. Because the only thing you should care about is not me, your favorite crypto guru or whoever. The only thing you should focus about is your money. How am I going to be successful? How am I going to make gains? And that's why, you know. You know, when I opened up the MW ETF and added those meme coins, you know, when I opened up the SPX trade, when I opened up the Fartcoin trade, that's the same exact moment when, you know, they were all telling you buy Ethereum for any reason at the top. I don't know why. They were also telling you, well, meme coins are dead.

00:25:47
I saw, I think, three, four posts from the biggest account. Meme coins are dead. Boom, 5,000, almost 6,000% of hardcore. They keep repeating and doing this over and over again. You see, you see, you see, you see. So, let me go to the Q&A, guys. I'm going to go, I'm going to do the Q&A and after the Q&A, I'm going to close it up because I'm going to be very honest with you guys. I'm a little bit tired, so. I decided to do this stream with you guys, a little bit of Q&A, answering some questions. By the way, guys, by the way, very important, very important, very important. It's very simple: read, read, read the description. My throat is hurting me, by the way, very much.

00:26:36
I don't know what's going on. I might get sick. But read the description, guys, while you're in here. It's very simple. If you join the subscription to the live streams, great. But if you want the trading course vids, you have to be trading on Blovin or Butanex. The links are below. DM me your UID when you reach 100K trading volume. That's all. 100K is not a lot. It's trading volume. You can do that with 200 bucks if you want. I don't recommend it, but if you want. Take it easy. So let me see. What do I got? What do I got? Question. Let's start with Muhammad Ali. Let me put it on the screen and then I'm going to read the question.

00:27:29
You mentioned yesterday that the funding rates hit foreign and the Koreans were ready to dump, but the extreme funding rate was holding them back. What's the reason behind that? What's the reason behind that? Muhammad Ali, you're saying you're not completing what I said. I said this. But the thing is, I also said yesterday, at some point, they're going to dump it. It doesn't matter what the funding rates will be. They're going to dump it. And why are they going to dump it? Let me tell you a little bit about these Koreans. How it works on the Koreans, it's like this. You have to see it. You know that movie of the good, the bad, and the ugly? I think you all guys know that movie.

00:28:14
One of the best, best, best, best tracks I've heard in a movie ever, ever, ever. I got it. I don't care about copyrights. Karen, I don't care about copyrights. Let me see, let me see, let me see. You know this one? I have to get you in the mood, you know, so you can understand. Otherwise, you will not understand what I'm saying. Ah, it's not working. Ah, it's not working for sure. It's not working. You know why it's not working. I know why it's not working. I know why it's not working because it's because I want you to understand me. I want you to get in the feeling, in that feeling.

00:29:25
Okay, there it comes. Muhammad Ali, focus. So what happens is, with those funding raids, is they are seeing the funding raids. So they are making money at the same time as Koreans. How long? Only that long, but what these Koreans also do is they don't trust each other. It's not like the syndicate. The syndicate on the SPX, it's another group. These guys are organized. Koreans aren't organized.

00:30:13
But this is how they're watching each other. Oh, here's what it happened because the funding rates-you should not have

00:30:39
So, what happened over here is the funding rates on Binance, they turned positive. That was the moment. That was the moment that you had to check it. So, don't only watch Coinlyze. Watch the exchange itself that you are. So, watch it on Wix or on BitConnect. It changes very fast. And when it changed just a little bit positive, we had this end scene of the good, bad, and ugly. They were watching each other. And then one of them, he pushed the reverse button. And then the other one followed. And then the other one also followed, and that's when this happened.

00:31:31
So that's what happened yesterday. That's what the Koreans did. That's what the Koreans did, guys. That's what the Koreans did. But, you know, the thing is, the thing is, the thing is, and this is something that I love a lot, you know. Listen, you could do this, the Alpiman style. Alpiman is theoretic, theoretic, because Alpiman does nothing impractically. He only does it in his mind, especially when he's drunk. So, theoretically, you could have jumped in under 15 minutes over here and you would have caught this stuff. But this is why I also explained yesterday, I don't know to who this was. that you know game training crypto team what they did was you know

00:32:09
they you they reached a level when they will just go in and they you know they know these koreans also so they know that that reverse button is going to happen so before it happened they are already in but again and again and again these guys are professional traders so you know they milled even this dump they they nailed a lot of dumb soviets they nailed this dump also they took profit because game trading crypto took profits two times and then they hit the jackpot you know so they so on this rise they're already locked into profits and then they hit the jack but what it's about is is that you know these guys you know these guys are good you know when they start but let's just be clear that you know they hit it very good over here but this thing could have go to the 100 bucks it was possible

00:33:03
if they were organized more they could pump it up so but they were prepared for this because even if they would pump it they know that this will happen after and they will that they Will be in big cash, I already explained this a lot of times in the previous uh streams, they know this already, so it's there; the only question for them is not if they're gonna get paid, the only thing is, is when are we going to get paid? And then you get these uneducated retailers, oh my God, it's going up. Oh, what to do? Oh, so, oh God, it's going up. Oh, I'm losing so much money. Oh, I'm going to get liquidated. Oh, it's going. This is uneducated retailers.

00:33:46
When this thing ramps up, you know, professionals like the team, come on, fill it up. Come on, fill me that back. Come on, push up. And when it comes down to the indie, they decrease and take profits from the, From the bags that they have been filling over here. And then, okay, you want to go up again? Come on, go. Push. Push, Koreans. Push it up. Because they know that they are going to get paid. You know it. It's not if, it's when. How many times did I show you this already? How many coins did I show you by now? How many coins? Every freaking time. Every time. Every time. Every time. And then you get it. Oh, MW, you were right. Oh, MW, you're right. Oh, MW, you're right.

00:34:35
Oh, MW, you're right. It's just you have to time it. You have to time it. So I really hope that moment, I hope that you, Rob McCoy, take a look at Peanut. Well, Rob McCoy, so first off, Peanut, I don't know Peanut. You know, I'm not interested in Peanut. So let me tell you this. I saw some volume on it, but Peanut, you know, I already said enough about Peanut, I think, in the previous streams. And I cannot imagine why anyone would be interested in peanuts. Okay. Well, whatever. I hope that you're not holding any bags because, listen, guys, this is, you know, this is peanuts, whatever, you know. It's, you know, you have to see it like this. You have to understand. So am I, peanut, you know, I'm just not interested in peanuts.

00:35:33
So, what does that mean? I'm not interested in longing because as you guys can see over here this is when we shortened peanuts. So another style is I'm also not interested in shorting peanut over here. Actually, I should, I should, but you know it's just dangerous, it's dangerous to short coins over here, so yeah, peanut, whatever. I really have no clue, uh, maybe some VC is, is rumping it up, wants to make a buck, wants to suck some people, some people, you know, some people that are sensitive for it, you know my dog, you know my dog, peanuts, oh yes! Someone lost his dog or hamster, I don't know what it was in his pet, so someone lost his pet and a lot of other people are losing their money.

00:36:28
So, guys, this is the fact that I'm telling you because I remember this very well. It was over here. So this was when everyone had a lot of sympathy, oh, let's just buy some peanuts. Why not? Let's buy peanuts. Why? Because we feel with you. We are the pets. They eat the pet. They eat the cat. Because they live there or whatever. It was that song by Trump at that time. But this is peanut. Oh, we're going to buy a peanut. So people are getting so sensitive, loving animals. And, you know, I have nothing against animals. I also love animals. I even own animals. I'm not telling you which one, but I love them. I love them to death, by the way. So, but come on. You know, this has nothing to do with animals.

00:37:24
You're putting money into scammers and we will dump on you and, you know, well, we, whatever. So you want it? Okay, well, we made money on this dump. We showed a crap out of it. It's just what it is. I'm not so interested in this one. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Here he comes. Be ready. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Here he comes. Waleed. Waleed, here he comes, Waleed. Okay, so let's see what Waleed has got to say. I would like to ask if it's possible to buy a coin in the long run. Is it better to buy the spot or is it better to buy it in 1:2 Microsoft That's an easy question, Waleed.

00:38:07
So first of all, if you don't own a lot of funds, you could buy it on leverage. But you have to keep in mind that if the funding rates gets against you, you feel me? Okay. So if you don't own enough funds, that's when you use leverage. If you do, because with a 1x or a 2x, you know, if you're going to buy with a 1x, why would you buy leverage? Because leverage, you can get liquidated if you don't own enough funds on your account. But if you buy it on spot, you cannot. So why would you buy something on 1x? I don't get it. I just don't get it. Why? You want to risk your money? Why? You want to pay funding rates? Why? You can also get a lot of funding rates, by the way. It depends on how it goes. But why? If you're going to use a one or two XDS, just buy spot. Very simple. Just buy spot. So this was an easy peasy question.

00:39:10
Can you? Can you block Jettison Alpima for two days? Good one, good one. Okay, guys, so do I got one more question? No, I don't got a question. I love you guys. You guys don't have a lot of questions. So you guys are basically, you guys are just almost professional traders in here. MW, what's a good entry to short Fartcorn? I think around the 60 cents out of my head. I don't know. I saw the team when I told them that I'm going to take profits. They jumped into a short directly. So I think that the next level of resistance. Do I got far one over here? I think the next level of resistance is around the 60. Maybe I think around the 60, 60, 62.

00:40:15
i think around those levels yeah oh yeah you got it it's already the red zone the red zone i was uh a bit not premature i started taking profits from that huge b now that you're seeing and i will liquidate uh at least 75 if we would reach this red level red zone so 25 is already out and uh The harder it goes, the more. So this is what I said. 60. See, I said it. It was in my head. Away, away, away. It was in my head. Yes, it was in my head. It was in my head. Yes, that's how scary it is. I know these levels out of my head. That's a bad thing. Someone asked me, listen, when is a good time to short-fought on 60 cents? What?

00:41:09
How do you know that? 60 cents. How do you know that? I don't know, 60 cents. Oh, that's crazy, guys. That's sick. Okay, I need to find myself some help. I need to find myself some. But listen, listen, listen, listen, bro. Don't just go short it. It's a resistance level. Just keep in mind, use the Indy in the lower time frames, and then, you know, there you go. That fell off a cliff. It did fall off a cliff. Okay, so, guys, so thank you. I wanted to show you guys something. What was that? I was going to show you guys on this stream something. By the way, someone, let me do this one. This Mubarak thing, the CZ is getting crazy, I think. The CZ is losing his mind.

00:41:57
But that's not what I wanted to talk about. Broccoli. Whatever. There was another quote I wanted to talk about. Someone's asking me about jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly. whatever, teams, teams, four-hour. By the way, this was in the morning when I told you it's testing the four-hour, and someone told me, 'Listen, why wouldn't you loan it?' Now, I don't loan coins at the top. Am I interested in loaning this? I'm not saying that you cannot make money. I didn't say that. So if you are on the charts and you feel like loaning the crap out of it, be my guest, do whatever it is that you want to do. But I'm not interested in loaning coins that are at these levels. It doesn't matter what coin it is or what.

00:42:50
I don't give a crap. I don't loan coins at these levels. And I don't short coins at dumpy, at bottom levels over here. So over here, I don't short coins. And over here, I don't loan coins. And then you can tell me, well, MW, that's crazy shit what you're doing. Yes, it's that simple. How do you think I'm so successful in my trading? Because I've got my rules. Sometimes I go off my rules, but then it has to be like 10 other things showing me that, you know, I have to do what I have to do, you know, and just have to do what I have to do. That's the experience. So for you guys, you guys are here with me, you know, you can make a lot of money today.

00:43:35
Now they're coming to three hours. I know some price X is going to happen next, but listen. All of you have the indicator. Listen, the only thing that I'm telling you for now, before, by the way, you need to watch the leverage trading course. You have to watch it. But what is so hard in listening to this? Don't short altcoins at button formations and don't long altcoins at FOMO. You can long at FOMO using the Indy in a five minute to 50 minute. And you have to be on the charts. You have to be staying on the charts. Not like me going to some Jumeirah beach in the sun, getting my feet wet on the sea. Because that's not someone that is going to trade teams on a four hour Indy up, you know.

00:44:34
I've worked hard, I've been there 70-80-90 hours a day watching those damn screens and making money every freaking minute every freaking hour. I did that, done that. Now it's you, you have to do that. So Germany, Germania, Deutschland, Deutschland, der Mannschaft! Shout out to you guys for being the most followers of the GTC community, and NW. And yeah, well, respect to you guys. So there is a lot of potential there in Germany. By the way, I love you guys, all of you guys. Doesn't matter where you're from. I've got a lot of followers from the East Bloc. I've got followers from Turkey. I've got followers from India. I've got followers from Australia, New Zealand, from America, Canada. Also a lot from Canada, by the way. UK, a lot from UK.

00:45:25
I've got friends, a lot from France, Portugal. Or Mario the truck driver, but he's about the only one from Portugal; but no, no, there is another one from Brazil also Portugal, Brazil, so you know. Also from Africa, some Arabic countries, and now now there is you know, there is something happening over here um they are not yet on uh on my you cannot see them on my social media because these people they don't know me as MW yeah I know it's crazy stuff; there is a group of you know uh UAE Saudi uh Qatar Kuwait people uh that I'm working on some project and you know these guys, you cannot imagine these guys love me and you know and and you know what, what the good thing is about this is you know I can just use my name and everything it can.

00:46:24
Be myself, and you know. And this is also these guys, you know they are, you know there's a big community growing over here that are loving whatever it is that I'm doing with these guys, so but they don't know that I'm on W, so let's keep it that way. I love you, thanks for watching, have a nice one. Markets will open up, be very careful, let me show you guys this before we're gonna close it up, you guys. I know that you guys always want me to show you this, I know it. This is the maybe the most important part of the live stream, me talking like crap all day long, guys, we had this, we had this we had this four-hour boom close above it and then we came.

00:47:06
Over here, so we're bouncing over here, but listen, guys, it's just in my opinion-it's just temporary; it's just flushing out. I think that this thing will come into the red zone, it should have come into the red zone over here, they didn't push it up because of power, but there is no power, at least there's nothing. So, I think that this thing, you know, I think that it will travel maybe get even to the box, but this is the this is the zone; this is where we're going in my opinion, and you know, I could be wrong, and if I'm wrong, just-just burn me, I need to be wrong sometimes, right? I need to get it wrong sometime. So, be very careful, guys, I'm starting To take profits from uh, the Mw long ETF, so when I'm starting to take profits, you know what that means. I'll be focusing more on shorts and I'll be also waiting to buy back in. I love you! Thanks for watching, have a nice one.