*** Live Stream 03-27-2025 Altcoins I am eying to short soon ! *** 

00:02:22
Okay, hello, hello! Hope you guys can hear me. Everyone can hear me, hear me, hear me! Check, check, check, check, check-that's the old school music, okay Janice! Okay, the music was running, okay, that's the confirmation I need it so... Okay, okay, okay, good morning, morning! Yes, we can hear, okay, great! Salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa! So, what do we got? What do we got? Okay, guys, I think I'm gonna head into the the stream right directly. By the way, guys, um, you can share me your altcoins that you're eyeing that you're seeing... You know, MW, you really have to check this altcoin-this altcoin is going bananas! It needs your attention, so, you Can share those in the comments; I will check the comments uh later in the stream, let’s do our market update first of all, so first I want to talk about this, what is this What is this?

00:03:22
Every time, you know, a lot of times, you know, it's just funny to me. It's just funny. You know, at some point, it's just funny. You know, at some point, you know, all I can do is laugh. What else to do? You know, you can go cry or whatever it is that you want to do. But, you know, at some point, it’s just funny to me. This is just, you know, it's just, you know, it. What to say, look at this thing on the daily guys? I know we made a lot of money over here, we made a lot of money over here, but you know, you want us to keep making a lot of money, what's going on with you guys, what happened? It's really, you know.

00:04:11
I have nothing to say and you know. We can thank the Germans for this because I think that the DAX is pushing most of this, but it's, you know, where is that DAX? Where is it? Where is that DAX? Where is the DAX? Where is the DAX? I want to see the DAX. Where is the DAX? Why are you hiding? Don't hide from me, DAX. Where are you? Where is the DAX? Come over here. Germany. Germania. Germania. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. It's just safe. It's, you know. No, no, no. Look at this, guys. Look. Look, guys, this is Germania. This is Germania. This is the Mannschaft. So be proud. All the Germans in the chat, Janus, Salsra, no more. I forgot about the other ones, but, you know, these two. Be proud, guys.

00:05:06
Be proud. Be proud. This is your country, you know. This is your country. Your country doesn't give a crap about anyone or anything. You guys are DJs. You guys are DJs. So shout out to all the Germans. Germany, Deutschland. Deutschland, Deutschland, Deutschland, Deutschland. The team will probably hate this, but it's Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Look at this, guys. Look at this beauty. It's really mind-blowing. Up broke all the time, I come back, back, back, back, back, and then this big dump; retest this bullish, bullish upside breakout! This is the perfect this is just perfect, ta guys. We came back, retested, and then off she went, back made another test of this high, and up she went-this is on the three-month guy. This is you know, you know, guys, you know; I'm going to be honest with you.

00:06:08
I just, you know, I feel so good watching this. You know, my eyes start sparkling when I see this. I love this. This is my life, guys, what I'm looking at over here. I love, you know, when I'm seeing this; charts like this. I start smiling. I start, you know, I'm getting excited. You know, a lot of feelings coming to me, you know. Just like, you know, I don't know. Maybe if you will, you know, see like. Maybe some man sees a beautiful woman or whatever. He gets excited. This is how I get excited. This excites me when I look at this chart, you know. You know how much money we're watching over here. You cannot imagine how much money I'm looking at.

00:06:52
I know that most of you guys, when you look at this chart, you'll see, okay, well, whatever. X, okay, well, whatever. Went up, okay, well, whatever. That's not what I see. When I look at this chart, I see other stuff, you know. What I see is, you know, when you see, you know, when, how do you say this? Donald Duck, you got Donald Duck. I don't know how to say it in English. You got his uncle, the rich uncle. You know, when he jumps, like he's jumping into, jumping like into a, freaking in a pool, a pool of money and he's swimming. That's what I see. You know? For me, it's like this. This is the pool. This is the plank. You know, this is me. And I'm going to dive into that. You know, I'm going to dive into this money. We're going to dive into it.

00:07:56
That's how I see it. You know, that's what I see. That's, you know, this might be very crazy. Guys, I'm just giving an example. I'm not telling you to. Short decks or whatever easy don't, don't go, I'm just giving you a macro uh how I see the macro so when you see me, you know a lot of people they get excited when they see a Lamborghini, a lot of people they get excited when they, you know, whatever I get excited when I look at this chart, you know that's me I get excited when I see that. Because when I see this chart, I know. Dagobert Duck, is it? Yeah, it's Uncle Scrooge. But I don't know if it's in English. I know in Dutch I know it. But in English, it's Uncle Scrooge.

00:08:47
Uncle Scrooge. Okay, learn something. Dagobert Duck. Yeah, Dutch people know the Dagobert Duck. But it's Scrooge McDuck. Yeah, Scrooge McDuck. Yes. Deutschland. Deutschland. Deutschland. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Benjamin Burke. Benjamin Burke is not that bullish, I think. Benjamin Burke is like, well, we're fucked. Listen, I'm more Swiss than German. Okay, okay. Well, Salsara is more Swiss than German. Okay, okay. At this point. Okay. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Deutschland. Der Mannschaft. Hey, Mannschaft. you know the more they pump it up the more happy I would be you know so Germania come on Germania you can do it just keep going so I want to show you guys something else by the way you know every day I give you guys a little bit of insights to give you guys you know a little bit on the financial markets you know you're gonna get you know you have to see it like this you're gonna get that

00:09:57
pill to get you out of the matrix every day every day i show you things that you will not find anywhere else maybe in the beginning if you're new here you probably don't get it probably what the freak is mw talking about i'm only here for my shit going just just tell me about my shit going mw what the freak are you talking about with all these macro analyzes decks bx wax works we don't give a crap tell me about my shit going I will get to your shit Going in a moment. Just wait a minute. Egg minute. Egg minute. Wait a minute. We need to do this. So, I was eyeing the VIX. What is it while I was watching the VIX? There was something that came into my mind.

00:10:45
I already explained to you guys about the Beverly Hills gang. In my streams, you always get the info. You get the things that nobody tells you. So, I already explained to you guys about the Beverly Hills gang, you know. You know, the guy that has got a trading account of 10 million bucks because his daddy is a part of the system and he has got a big chunk of the printed money that they keep printing. So, that's the Beverly Hills group, you know. So. These guys, they keep, they keep, they keep, you know, there is a big group short, short, short of VIX. It's a group short of VIX. And it's something that, you know, today, you know, I do a lot of things, you know, but also when I'm, sometimes I'm just sitting in my chair, my beautiful chair that I didn't show you guys, by the way, I love my chair, my new chair, but I'm sitting, you know, and I just open up these shots and start looking at them.

00:11:55
The freak is going on. and something that came into my mind today is that that this beverly hills uh gang they get paid they get paid they get paid they always have a target so the target is over here this is their target so this is their cash they cash in paid paid paid paid paid they're now getting paid they go back they're getting paid they've got them paid they've got them paid they've got them paid they've got them paid over here they were sorry this one no this was not paid they had to wait for this one so over here they got them paid this one they had to wait for here to get paid so over here is the same story but like more than 90 of the times these guys are getting paid look at this paid paid they got them paid they got them paid

00:12:57
uh over here they got them paid so like more than 90 of the times guys these Guys are getting paid, you know how sick this is, you know, guys! I'm always looking for how to make gains, I'm always looking for how to make money. You have to keep in mind I'm not against this Beverly Hills gang. I'm not against the syndicate. I'm not against scammers. Well, I am against scammers. The shilling scammers. Those ones, I'm against them. But I'm not against the bulls. I'm not against the bears. The only thing that I care about is guys. How to make the safest guys. That's all I care about. I'm independent. I'm not with the Dems. I'm not with the Reps. I'm independent. I have no, you know, I have no votes.

00:13:50
I have no, you know, I don't care. The only thing that I care about is how to make gains, how to make money. That's all I care about. If it's with the Dems, I'll be with the Dems. If it's with the Reps, I'm with the Reps. I don't give a crap. Because what I'm eyeing over here is that these fakes, if it runs up, it's always, they always come back to this zone. You keep coming back at this, so do you know how sick this is? Because this is now the point, just like the DAX. Why I went from the DAX to the VIX? Because it's madness. Because this, where is that DAX? Where is that DAX? Look at this, guys. Because I'm now, let me put it on the monthly.

00:14:31
I'm putting it on the monthly. Are you seeing this? Are you serious, my bro? Are you serious, man? Look at this. So, Mannschaft, der Mannschaft, der Mannschaft, a lot of presidents and premiers or whatever it is, look at der Mannschaft. Just look at der Mannschaft. I know that these guys can build a lot of cars and they build a lot of technology and tech, and Deutschland is Deutschland, der Mannschaft. They're great in whatever it is that they do. So, I respect that. I love Germany also, by the way. But Germany is, Rob, Rob. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. This was the Corona Crush and then Rob, Rob. This Corona Crush, by the way, my sweet. Then we had over here in 2022, together with the financial markets, we had this decline.

00:15:17
Then, okay, back. And then we had over here, 2023, a little bit. Gone. This thing is gone. This thing is at the moon. Let me give you the moon. This thing is at the moon. We'll reach the moon. The Dax reached the moon. So, Mr. Daxi, why am I showing you this? Let me show you why I'm showing you this. It's on the monthly. Why am I showing you this? Because this bounce up is what brings the VIX down. But this move is mind-blowing. The only move that I'm seeing is this one. So you have to keep in mind that whatever it is they are doing over here, they could do it longer. Like they did over here. Not over here. Only this one. And this one. So they could keep doing this.

00:16:32
Now comes the trick. I'm showing you the DEX now, but it's not about the DEX. We're not going to trade the DEX. I'm showing you this because in crypto it's the same. And let me tell you why it's the same. Because it doesn't matter how bearish you are about the DEX, because what is moving this price up? This price is moved up by the fact that people are bearish about the DEX. Because Germany is in a recession. Officially in a recession. So when you got the narrative of Germany in a recession. Does that mean that means that we can pump the markets up now? Why? Because we can pump it up on ourselves. We don't have to take a lot of retail people with us. Why? Because retailers, they read the news.

00:17:17
Retailers, they watch their favorite economic channel, whatever it is, and they're going to watch it and they're going to tell them, 'Listen, we are in a recession.' So that means that. If they're in short, they will close it if they are owning stocks they're gonna sell them if they have some money in it they're gonna do it okay and then that's when the super wheels will take over okay people are out, it means that we are going in and when people go in it means that we are going out, that's the game played and they got the media is the one that is ruling your sentiment in your mind. And it doesn't matter if it's about economics or it's politics or it's whatever.

00:18:05
The world is ruled by a big group of people that rule the media. And the media is what rules your mind. They rule your sentiment. It's just what it is. And you can have another, you know, you can think, well, whatever, no, no. No need to discuss me. No need to argue with me. Because these are just facts. And the moment that you're not seeing this means that you're not objective. And when you're not objective, you're even more lost than I thought you were. This is it. People go out, you know, then we go in. And when people come in, that's when we go out. That's how it works. So if you have to first, you need to acknowledge this to be a winner.

00:18:52
Because if you are in a denial and you are, you know, you're in the matrix you know you're like okay no no no no persistent you will not be a winner it will not happen it will not happen you will always stay that loser that you all functionally are. You can, by the way, if you're a loser, if you are losing, nothing to be ashamed of it's normal why because you have been born in the system and the system has you know since you are young they teach you who the bad guys are in the world they They teach you who the good guys are in the world. They teach you that you have to go to school. They teach you that you have to work hard.

00:19:30
They teach you that you have to go once a time in a year on vacation. They teach you what religions are good, what religions are bad. They teach you that they teach you everything they want to teach you. That's the system. That's how they rule your mind without even having to touch it. So even without a vaccine, they can rule your mind. That's the power of the media. That's the power of the media and everything, especially now because we used to be young and, you know, we didn't have any smartphones and, you know, we had a television. But now, especially with social media, for sure that we can expose a lot more now. But they also, you know, they own the social media. It's not that they rule it.

00:20:22
they own it they own social media now so they own all the so they will only show you what they want to show you and uh yeah they will get you wrecked that's what they do that's the whole purpose of everything so we're at the moon we're at the moon we're in the moon so uh let me go and do some enough about this i talked a little bit too much about so let me go a little bit uh in it uh so we are in the box by the way guys you have to be careful over here uh so they're you know when they move they move strong and that's what they're doing now so uh also by the way guys uh this ramp up is a little bit trump is helping them a little bit it's guys it's it begins to get a little bit scary to me because why trump is now the market talking about inside trading Trump is the market.

00:21:16
So if Trump wants to give the market a bullish, a bullish push, he's going to say, oh, well, maybe I'm going to slow it down with this terrorist. And if he wants to dump the market, he says, 'Oh, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to make even more. I'm going to push it up. It's every day another story. Today it's, you know, I'm going to push the market.' more terrorists that the day after maybe i'm gonna slow it down this is how he's ruling the markets do you know how dangerous that is do you know how sick that is do you know how how incredible it is that nobody's talking about this do you know that it's incredible that this is even possible if you got one guy he rules about if you are gonna be in a loss or in a game

00:22:09
because he just tweets like okay well you know what i'm gonna put even more tariffs on a lot more companies so i'm gonna make inflation even go up more or no you know what today i feel good i'm in a good mood you know melanie gave me a good night you know i'm gonna slow down on some tariffs today you're sick this is okay so for now this is the resistance level by the way guys let me show you on the indie The Indy goes together beautifully with this resistance zone. So this is the zone to break, 5-8. So they're pushing over here. Trump is helping them a bit. So over here is where we're going to be very careful, guys. And it's also on a lot of altcoins.

00:22:52
It's the same story. The testing that they indicate, it's all connected, guys. It's moving together. So, for now, I'm eyeing this level. For me, you know my style. As long as we're below it, we're below it. And we have to remain bearish on the markets. Uh, globally so uh, maybe we're gonna test this as a battery test then we're coming still, this remains my target uh, so nothing is changing um and I have to say it's pretty uh, it's pretty, pretty, uh, uh, it's pretty, I'd say it's pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty amazing how they are pushing the market but there is an explanation why they're doing this now, temporary bye, it has

00:23:36
to do with this quarterly expiries, the quarterly expiries are because you have to let me, let me show you, let me show you this one, uh, let me show you this one, this one, this candle is going to close, guys I know most of you guys will probably whatever why are you talking about mw, well this candle is going to close, guys, I've seen over here, six days and eight hours, This candle is going to close, this is the quarterly candle, this candle is going to close and you've got some expiries also on the stocks, indices or whatever, so that's when the manipulation will be at its top, so while we already dumped a bit, they might want to ramp it up to get out alive, so they might push the prices even more up these coming days.

00:24:32
Keep that in mind about this expires and it's the same by the way for Bitcoin, Bitcoin also has got an expiry, very important one, very big one at 28th of March. So they were probably also because there are a lot of calls around the 100k level. They might want to push it up. So he is a guy; You have to keep in mind that trading the couple of next couple of before this expiry. So until Until end of March, until 1st of April, you have to be very careful with your trading portfolio. This is not the time to be a hero. What does this mean? When I say this says that, you know, there is a trade set up when there is something and, you know, there are gains, you have to take them.

00:25:19
You know, like, you know, I shared something about teams yesterday. It says the profits and then it went up. You have to keep in mind that those profits are taken, that's the MW style, that's GDC stuff. So when you see another PNO if even if you you know I'll share them, it's in red but it's in red, that's another trade there's already profits taken so it went in. You take the profits and then you're gonna do it all over again. It's just like I keep showing you guys on Twitter, you know, so this is very, very important because the coming five six days if if you know if they decide to push the markets

00:25:54
up, if Bitcoin, the wheels that are looking for to save their calls will push a big spike up of 5k-10k candle up because it could happen because when this happens, it's you know there's you can say nothing more about it's not about ta, it's not about logic, it's all about uh, all about the super wheels trying to save their asses. That's what's going to happen. So you have to keep this in mind, guys. This is very dangerous. And, you know, the long ETF is still running in really massive, massive gains. We only took profits on Fartcoin and we took some profits on SPX because those were really big. Like COTI, I saw a lot of them. They are running in 70%, 80%, 60%.

00:26:44
There are a lot of coins running in huge P&Ls. I'm holding them for now. I'm not taking profits on them for now. The only two that I took profits from was Fart Coin and SPX because they just ramped up too much, and you know, I think that it's time that they retrace. But for now so this is now it's it's the moment of these expiries-this expires 28th of March, so uh what is it? What is it? 28 where are we, where are we? So uh, so it's over here, it's over here. So over here, we already I told you, we closed above the indie. So this means that you know, it's the bulls are back, the bulls are in power, and then you can tell what MW we were bulls over here.

00:27:30
Yes, exactly, this is what we bought in, opened up our positions but over here, is when the bulls might want to push this up even more until this event. So this is what you're going to get. So keep this in mind, keep this in mind that if the markets hold at some point they might push it up because we are far from their target is I think it was 100k over here, that's a long story, that's a lot. So if they're gonna push it, they could push it very hard and this is a 15 oh, it's a lot. So I'm you know, it's just too dangerous at this point to uh, to go let me tell you this-let me tell you this, it's not dangerous.

00:28:11
You have to just understand the style you have to understand how it works so let me let me tell you how it works. This is how it works, so we know that over here is the expired, okay fine. We know that they might want to push it up to this level, this 100k level, okay so fine. We also know this already, so what does that mean? Does mean that it means that, how are we going to trade this? We got to trade this, that if if this thing comes anything close it breaks above So this is level number one and this is level number two. So we're going to prepare for level number one. So the ones that FOMO pump to these levels, this is where short number one happens.

00:28:53
And then you got number two. This is number two. This is level number two. So this is when short number two will happen. So this is how you trade this. This is how you prepare for it. This is if you want to short it. So for the longs, longs is another story. For the longs, you're going to just look for the right ones, look for the ones that are still low, and you're going to follow them up on the index. But let me tell you this, you have to follow the volume clues. I'm going to do, by the way, I think tomorrow, I think tomorrow, I think that I will do tomorrow a live stream on the volume clues again.

00:29:31
So we're going to chase for the chase traders, not chase trading for the short during for the low time from trades. So I'm going to talk about a lot of altcoins that are shining on volume and market makers are manipulating them up. So we're going to do that one. So this is the day that this is the preparation I'm preparing you guys. So this will be Friday. So next Friday, it's what is it? Three days. So three days. Let me tell you this. Teams will short if this thing spikes up. They will open up a lot of shorts. They will open up huge shorts. Me personally, I will close more than 90% of my long ETF. So that's what I will do. I will close more than 90% of my long ETF.

00:30:19
It will get closed. Not now, if this thing will reach these levels. So if we're going to get this ramp up, if we're going to touch the 93 or are we going to touch the 100, getting close to it or whatever? I don't care. More than 90% of my loan ETF will get closed. Huge profits by that time, I think. I think that by that time, it will be really, really big. So that's scenario number one. Scenario number two is the team will start opening a lot of shorts if it will reach this level. How much is this? Seven percent so we're gonna reach this is when they start if this rumps up even more, tries to get over it we don't care if it's white or in the red we don't care.

00:31:03
They will only add more, more, and more, and more to their shorts you know it sounds very, very, very scary what I'm saying now but you know it's just what it is that's what I do. That's what I do. And then probably Helena will make a vid about this. Probably Helena will make a vid about this again. Well, let me tell you this, my bro. You know, MW is your mate, Warren Buffett on cash. I think that Warren Buffett is buying some other stuff at this moment. He's into some other markets, but it's something we're going to talk about in another bit, not today. We don't have the time for this. But my buddy, my buddy, Warren Buffett, he knows what he's doing, bro. He knows what he's doing. Just like, what is it? Who never regrets taking profits? Who is regretting taking profits? Who is this? Is this someone emotional?

00:32:29
What is the signal? Nothing, nothing, bro. You can, you can, you can, you can, you can, Nicholas, you can just. What is this picture that you got, bro? What the freak is this? Oh my God. Let me go to another one. No, the colors don't mean crap. Doesn't mean anything and w watching Ampura, this is a coin I don't know where also here I'm just learning how to speak, okay, so enough guys, enough about this. So let me go to the to the output all the coins I wanted to show you guys actually, the back, see I wanted to show you guys dominance; I want to show you guys Bitcoin dominance; I want to show you guys a lot of stuff today, but it's too much, it's too much, it's too much to handle this in one life, so I'm gonna save it for tomorrow.

00:33:23
Tomorrow remember me, please, I'm gonna talk about them, so uh also the DXY, by the way; DXY here; I want to talk about a lot you know, you know, this is now the difference since we are as Patreons, we are on this Telegram group, um; I do a lot of educational stuff in the market analyze, so it's It's super important this because this will give you guys the Power, the energy, the solid stuff to become better traders and investors. That's why I do that. You know, it's priceless, by the way, to get this from me. But, you know, there are also market options. Market options just go through it. And those will come very soon. Right, Salsara? Salsara in the chat? Well.

00:34:12
we will get those on the open youtube channel right it's also okay salsa is not saying anything okay okay whatever okay mw glorious bosses we love you okay i love you too bro so um let's see let's see let's see uh yeah we got we're gonna do that we're gonna do that we're gonna do them let's first of all start with teams teams ah teams teams is arriving is arriving at my first level that i'm eyeing this is the first level that i'm eyeing guys our teams teams by the way guys there is something very important about these teams that i want to explain so teams is a mean point and for the new especially for the new ones in here the new ones in here you have to understand something you have to understand because You know, we made a new high over here that we had this scamming dump down and then now dropping up.

00:35:12
Keep in mind that, you know, these coins like chips, these meme coins, you know, this price action gets ruled by one group of people. You understand how dangerous it is if you don't know how to trade when you're trading against one group of people. Why am I saying one group of people? They decide. If this coin is going to pump or dump. And then you've got me making these futuristic resistance zones. But that's just, you know, that's me doing my thing. And, you know, it's very crazy how I knew a lot of them. But, you know, I could also get it wrong. Because why? Because they decide. If they want to ramp this thing up to $0. 25, they can. Nothing is going to stop them. Not my red zone over here.

00:36:07
Nothing but now comes the thing we are traders, so we are traders, so at some point with a lot of experience and skills, you know. You can start measuring when these guys will get exhausted and it's not about getting exhausted when these guys will start getting greedy because these guys-nobody's more greedy than that group of people, because they you know they have a target in mind, you know. Then then they go but at some point they're going to take profits; they will, so it doesn't matter if it's over here or they're going to take profits over here or they're going to take profits over here over here or maybe over here, but they're going to take profits and when they're going to take profits-up it goes very hard, I'm.

00:36:54
Not saying it’s like an auction, but it goes very hard when they take profits; it could go very hard so it doesn’t matter if it’s from here or it’s from here or it’s from here or it’s from here, but they gotta take profits that’s what they’re gonna do. So, meaning, what does that mean? If you own the skills to chase trade, you gotta make money with them. The only thing is, is the more they ramp it up, the less profits you gotta make. So, first of all, so let me give you an example; yes, yes, guys, Chase Trading course with Will come out... when? Ask Janice and Alpima. They can tell you when. So, let's say that my starting point is over here.

00:37:41
I showed you, by the way, a P &L on Twitter in red. That's just, you know, that's nothing. Now, reaching these levels, that's when the real P &L will come. That's when the real money will flow in, the starting money. So what happens is over here, you think to yourself, okay, you know what? You know, I'm going to do it. I'm going to go in. I'm going to start. And then you're going to start in. If this thing goes up, if it goes down, a retrace from here, well, congrats, you secure those profits. Secure them just in case it wants to do like this. So over here on this way up. And this is a lot of money, by the way. So you secure those profits over here.

00:38:24
And then when you go up again, then over here you start going in again. And if it even goes higher, you start going in again. All right, got it? And then they do whoop. And then this is where you're going to cash again, this is your money, money. But if guys, if you're new in here, please don't do this. You have to be trained; you have to be watching training course with one leverage because it's one and two-you have to understand how you do this, you have to know how to leverage trade. So just don't don't do this because you think, oh well yeah whatever, my way's got a nice red box, well I'm gonna gamble on it that it's gonna get rejected there, and you know what, uh if it goes higher, we're probably going to get liquidated as well.

00:39:01
I tried. That's not how it works, guys. That's gambling. Don't gamble. Don't gamble. Trade like a professional. We trade as professionals. That's what we do. We make money; we don't miss; we don't lose. That's what we do. That's what we do. That's at least what I'm trying to educate you guys every day, step by step, step by step. Every day I'm going to learn you guys more and more and more. You can also do it the safe way, the Alpiman way. The Alpiman way is like this, guys. This takes a lot of work; you have to be focused. You have to be on the charts. You have to be dedicated. That's how you can make money this way. Until you're going to catch it, that's when you put on the indicator.

00:39:41
You're going to put it, for example, on the 50 minutes. Just saying like over here. You see? So over here, indicator. Above it, back, back, back. Momentum. Okay, over here is your entry. You're in a long. Long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long. And then over here, you're probably, okay, well, wait a minute. MW is preparing maybe for a short over here, so I'm not going to take profits from this long. So I'm just going to get out. I'm not going to risk it. Maybe even going to flip some into a short. But, you know, you're just in, in, in. And what you're going to do is over here, listen, the bullish momentum, because we're above average in the one hour over here, as you guys can see, we're up, up, up, up, up.

00:40:22
So you're going to just go on a five-minute or a 50-minute, whatever it is that you desire. When we flip when he closed below it, that's your entry And then put on a stop-off above the indie and that's how you go you go go go until some point boom You're gonna see the big dump happen This is the Altman way and this is also a very good way But this is the way that you that you that you should by the way Altman he DM me today He had me today that his boss at work gave him trading book a book about trading or whatever he told me this my boss has no

00:41:01
clue what i do outside of my work so he gave him he told him listen here a book of trading go read it a big waste of your time in my opinion but who am i the judge if you want to read books well read as much books as you want my opinion is get your hands dirty and get into the game you know i feel how it feels like because you can read a lot of crap in a book, but if you are in any trade, you can't control your greed and your emotions, that book is not going to help you. That's something that's for sure. So keep this in mind, guys. So this is if you want to trade it on the low end, wait for confirmation, especially for the GTC members in here.

00:41:40
GTC members, the paid group members that are in this live stream. When the team tells you that they are chase trading a coin, And they tell you, if you don't know how to chase or you're not experienced, just do it on a confirmation. Do it on a confirmation, either on a 15 minutes or on a five minutes. So you just wait. Just like over here, for example, this one closes below it. Then this is your entry. And this is when you get out. You take a small loss and then you wait. You wait for it. Until it until it closes below it, you're going to end. Because at some point, they're going to dump it down. It's going to happen. Do you want it or not? It's going to happen.

00:42:17
It's just going to happen. So I can say that enough. enough about about about about about about that one so let me go to this one peanut uh peanut well whatever now we got jelly jelly jelly jelly jelly well by the way i'm gonna do i'm gonna do your guys we're gonna do the auction by the auction is just you know it's still running the team still has got 30 running uh mind-blowing fart coin by the way also guys listen you have to just see it like this you know I gave you this target. So if you shorted this, and I know that many of you shorted it, boom, congrats. But you have to keep in mind, and you know, I cannot keep, you know, I'm not over there on Twitter going to hold your hands 24 hours, 24 seven.

00:43:01
No, you guys are matured. I'm not over here to give you signals. I give you directions. I give you trade setups. I give you targets, which are most of the times even better than signals, but you know, whatever. But I also give you the best I can give you for myself is my indicator. So my indicator always, when you, for example, short this, if this thing gets into the indicator, you take profits. You decrease at least 50%, 75% of your position. You know, that's why it's so important that you guys watch those leverage trading course feeds. You know, you guys all have this. So if you nil this target, you made, you know, this is a lot of money. Fartcoin is a cash machine. You can make sick money.

00:43:46
You know, I've got members. I've got, you know, they go in so heavy on Fartcoin. It's really mind-blowing. I know people that go heavy on Fartcoin even more than on Bitcoin. It's madness. But, you know, whatever. This thing, you have to keep in mind that you get to the indicator, you take profits. And when the bounce happens, you might re-enter. So now I'm going to the coins of you guys. I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to. Yeah, I will tell you so this is a good question. So how much time do I got? I've got maybe like Fifteen minutes. Yeah, I'm gonna tell you I never read a book in my life, bro So II it's it's I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you this straightforward to you If you follow me for a while and you agreed that I'm about the best trader on the webs.

00:44:37
I never read a book in my life You know, I tried to read one book when I was young. It was, in Dutch, it was Charly in the Chocolate Factory or whatever. You guys know it. And, you know, I managed to read like one-third of the book and then I couldn't read because I've got a problem. My problem is this. When I read something, I can read maybe the first page. The second page, I don't remember what I'm reading. I've got this from... So I have to visualize everything. I have to, you know, I have to see everything in numbers. I have to connect dots. That's how I remember things. That's how my brain works. My brain cannot read a book.

00:45:23
So because of me not being able to read a book, does it mean that you guys should also not read a book? No. Read books. Read books. I would suggest reading a lot of books from, if there are any books about. About my role model in life is Warren Buffett. But, you know, if it's about trading, you know, I cannot give you any advice because I don't know what's in those books. You know, there was one guy, he told me, listen, can I write a book of your life or from your trading and how you become a trader, how you become an analyst, how you become successful? Can I read that? I told him, yes, you can, but not now. Can I wait? Wait. I didn't fulfill my goals yet.

00:46:05
My goal is. To teach as many as possible retailers in crypto, being successful in crypto, against the machine, against the system, against the shellers, against the scammers. When I reach that goal, and there are enough people, and I've got enough, the community is strong enough, that's when you can write that book down. It's no problem. Let's see. So it's, Salsa has got the same problem as me, I think. Yes, you know, this is the strange part of it. If I watch a movie, I can, you know, I can watch a movie. Remember, I love to watch movies or documentaries or whatever. But, you know, I cannot read a book. It's very strange. It's so strange. So, over here, okay, we've got news. We've got news from Alpiman. Hello, I'm listening here at work.

00:46:58
I had to jump in and correct MW. The book is The Trading Game. Now that's sure book I started listening on the drive to work. Oh, well, congrats. I'll be was so happy for you, bro. The book is The Trading Game; I hope you learned something from that one. So let me go to the altcoins CZ gang versus ago-how did you pick that level? Let's just say I'm sick Rob, I'm sick. I don't know. Layer. Okay, so let me go do layer. I've seen Helena talking about layer a lot. Need to check this layer part. Layer going to be on my radar. Layer, where are you? Layer, where are you? Layer. Oh, nice. Pump. Ah, yes. Layer. What is layer? Oh. Oh. Damn.

00:48:03
Okay, okay, okay, I'm seeing the Hobbit duck again, I'm seeing if this some Solana crap, this is something Solana related, I think I'm not, I think it's so long oh oh Guys, you know, this is, oh, this is the auction. These are the Koreans, guys. These are the Koreans. These are the Koreans. Oh, this is the auction. So they jumped from auction. They went into layer now. Oh, bro. Whoa, whoa, whoa. How did I miss this? Oh, Helena. I saw that you talked about on Twitter, but I was just too busy. Oh, this is the same gang. Guys, the same gang that is the same of auction are the same ones that are pumping this again. This is the same people. These are the people that like to hit the reverse buttons.

00:49:19
these are the people that like to you know oh elena so i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it i love i just love it that you showed us this let me watch my other screen uh so this is the the okay this is them okay oh oh oh it's already dumping how are the funding rates how are the funding rates let me see the funding rates what are the funding ways what are the funding rates doing Oh, let me see, let me see. Oh, I was wondering where are those Koreans? What are they pumping now? They're pumping layer. That's where they are. That's where you are. That's where you are. And you didn't even send me a message that you were going to do it.

00:50:09
So, so, so layer, so layer, so layer, so layer. Crap, is this so layer? Oh. Okay it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad ah okay okay I need to guys I need I need some time I don't have a lot of time because we're almost breaking all-time high over here so I don't own a lot of time but uh I need some time to analyze this properly but uh let's just say that this coin is number one on my list now We reached this level, by the way. The funding rates are red. So it surprises me that the team, did the team share this in their paid group, by the way, guys? This should be one of those coins that the team will share.

00:51:09
This is one of those coins that the team, I think that the team should share this coin to their members. Is this why you're asking me about this coin? I think that the team, they should have shared this coin with them. This is by the way guys, this is uh Kabish, this is a Kabish, this is it as long as this thing does not break above 147. 3 uh boom boom, that's all that I have to say but you know the the big problem here is you know the big problem here is, is when the Koreans are involved um if suppose I'm gonna I'm gonna explain guys this, Suppose that I would say something about this openly. If too many people will start shorting, this is also, this could, how do I explain this?

00:52:02
This could have an opposite reaction. Because when too many people are going to short this and they don't know how to short, they don't know how to. manage their risk management, how to make sure that they will not get liquidated, use cross, et cetera, then you get these liquidations because they push price a little bit hard up. And then you get this liquidation. When this liquidation happens, it's also when the price will pop up very fast. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. When you see price go like this, so suppose over here, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, and then it goes like this, just like we saw an auction, by the way, like this. So when you see this, oh, let me remove all of this, by the way.

00:52:46
So when you see this, you see this spike up, this one over here, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. This was liquidation. This was liquidation. So that's something. So that's why you have to be really, you know, you just have to be educated by me. You have to listen to me. It's not only watching my leverage training course vids. It's also acting based on them. So, you know, okay, MW, I'm sorry. Okay. We watched your leverage training course, but, you know, the greed emotions took over and, you know, and we lost money. Okay. No problem, no problem, no problem. At least you've seen how to not do it. So now you have to focus on how you should do it. And how you should do it is explained on those leverage trading prospects.

00:53:23
And also in this live stream, by the way, I keep showing you guys a lot of stuff. But, you know, layer. Oh, my God, I love you. I love you for showing me layer. I'm going to spend some time on layer. So first of all, now, you know, we are in the red zone. So the short could have been opened over here. DCA short. It could have all started over here. The fundings are still red, but in my opinion, this is for a Chase trade; the ones that know how to chase it. It all starts over here; this is the starting level; this is when you know you have to fight back at some point so boom, boom, you have to fight back at some point.

00:53:56
This is one of those points where risk rewarded; you could enter so let's see, let's see. I think that the team uh already shared it to that team; I already have no clue but uh if they didn't uh well uh it might be time might be time for chaser. But listen, guys, while I'm telling you Chase trade uh the alt P man way, the M W safe way uh you don't go in this coin until we got a solid confirmation below the indie so keep that in mind especially let me see; in the five minute, see the five minute is holding you. See, we tested it. Hold test, hold so only then is where you enter is the best 15 minute by the way 15 minute because 15 minute has been holding over here from What was it?

00:54:38
From yesterday. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yesterday. Oh, no, not yesterday. Yes, yesterday, yes. Yesterday. So you have to keep in mind that this thing you see is pushing. As long as it's above it, this is chase trading. You have to own the skills of chase trading. But if you want to get into this one, I would keep an eye on this one. I would keep, you know, this is in the top three coins now, short. You have to just be patient and strike at the right time. Strike at the right time. Strike it. If you're chase trading it, fine. if you're not chase trading it keep this alarm put your

00:55:09
alarms in if you get an invalidation fun fun fun that's what you got to do by the way i want to see something else on this coin also oh what is it what is it i love this coin this is really this is really a j straight coin this is just one of those j straight so i really hope that the team will share this to their members Because those are the most experienced ones. They know how to chase trade. Because this is, in my opinion, one of the best chase trades you could take. This is one of the best Chase trades you could take. Let me check, by the way. Why am I not checking? Let me check. Let me check. Let me check. Oh, I've got only five minutes left.

00:55:51
Let me check. Where are you? Where are you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's very strange. That's very strange. No, they're not. No this team are they afraid if one of you is watching my live stream why? Why oh why I think they will. I think they will jump. It is so bad. It is so bad. So yeah, I think we're going to test it. I think based on based on but this thing, this is one of the best chase trades to take in my opinion. This is if you know manage how to chase trade. This is just a cabbage. This is chase trading. This is it. This is the chase trade I love it. So if this thing breaks a new high, by the way, guys, the markets will allow this.

00:57:00
Listen, if the markets of Bitcoin starts rising up, just like I told you, this thing will probably just go up. This thing will go bananas. It will break all-time high and go up. That's what I think. But let me just say this. If you own the skills to chase, you have to hope that it happens. You cannot imagine how much money you're going to make. So if this thing breaks above, you know, no problem, you chase it, you enter over here, and then, okay, now we're gonna get the money in okay 160 next 170 waxed 180 next you're gonna go in because you cannot imagine this is an investment this is like i've teaching you guys a lot of times so you got coins like let me show you guys points like this where you're you know in accumulation zone like over here this this chart is really a mess let me all of this so you know when when

00:57:51
you know when you are like oh i think that i think that article will go up okay you start accumulating you buy you buy you buy you buy you buy you know so when this thing rockets up this is this is when this thing so that's new so when this thing rockets up this is where you're gonna cash in it's the same story over here this Is the same story, this is the same story if this thing breaks up fine come on bring it up just bring it up, make a new high, we're gonna do it because this is just you investing your money to cash it out over here. Okay guys, I really have to close it up because we uh we run out of time.

00:58:36
I would you know I'm gonna be honest with you guys, I could keep doing this with you guys for like another two three four hours but you know I've got obligations I've got other things I've got a personal life I've got things to do. But you know I hope everyone is okay and I hope that you guys are gonna make a lot of money again, but keep in mind that we are at this moment. Just freedom, very good, very good! I was going to chart it in a moment, but I just don't have to type so you have to check the key, R, W, uh chart by the way, guys. Uh, I just don't have the time for now, I just don't have the time and uh

00:59:30
Alpiman, does your book show us how to test?

00:59:38
Oh, my God, this is so funny! This is so funny! Okay, well, guys, you know what to do. Just keep in mind, guys, before we're going to close it up, keep in mind that this thing is still ramping up. Let me put it on the. Be very careful with this expiry, that's why I told you, I'm telling you, listen, this thing is still pushing! This thing is still pushing. When this thing is pushing, it could help those bulls push up even more. So you have to, the size, the size matters. Now is the size. It's all about the size. Because as long as markets keep pushing, as long as Bitcoin keep pushing, the Koreans will also keep pushing. They might dump it down at some point, but it's just too dangerous.

01:00:14
So it's size. The odds are against shorts now. You have to keep this in mind. Why am I saying this? Because this is how you regulate the size of your position. Now, when the odds are with you, you can, that's why you size more. Okay. Because the odds are with me. But now, it's not. Because markets are pushing markets. US 500 is above the Indy pushing. You got the European stocks, a little bit rigid since what is this, why so you have you have to keep this in mind, guys. The markets are against what's bitcoin doing by the way it's going to block you, they see bitcoin yeah you know this is the problem with this thing.

01:01:04
Above the indie is always the bulls are marching, the bulls are much, we're gonna get into some turbulence over here I know but still the bulls are marching, Bulls are, you see it over here? It's you know, it's it's like it's a copy of the US 500. It's you know, it's creepy, creepy. Let me put on the one I'm looking the same you see it's the same, It's just the same. So if someone tells you that Michael Saylor or crypto people are ruling their Bitcoin chart, The ones that follow me already know this; the only one that rules the Bitcoin chart is Wall Street. Wall Street rules the Bitcoin chart. And I've showed you guys this again and again and again and again and again and again.

01:01:44
And I'm getting a little bit tired of showing a lot of people this-it's what Wall Street rules the Bitcoin chart. Have a nice one. Thank you all for watching. Have a bye-bye. Ciao. Come on, Korea. We're going to see it. We're going to see it in a moment. We're going to see it in a minute. Thank you, Edward. Edward, I agree with you. Sometimes I make these live streams, and you know, after the live stream, I think to myself, this is one of those great live streams. Because I'm sharing a lot of stuff that you should connect so you can, because, you know, you can tell me that you like won 10 trades, you know, and you lost one. But it's about the size.

01:02:32
Because you can lose nine trades, you can win only one, but if you size that one very good and those nine not, you're still a big winner. So it's all about the size. So when the odds are against you and you're going to short something or chase trade or whatever, you're going to do it low size. Don't oversize. Low size. Easy. Because why? Because you have to see it like this. So if you are a layer, And you see that the alts are against you. And you know, okay, this thing, MW is very clear about it. And when MW is clear about it, that's enough for me. So what happens is, but wait a minute, although MW is right, but while the alts are against me, I have to start calculating in that we're going to hit targets like 180.

01:03:20
We could hit targets like two bucks. It's possible. So you have to be prepared for that. So if you're going to enter over here, And I think that the team should enter over here. Those bloody fucks. So if you're going to enter over here, you have to be prepared for these levels. So if this thing decides, I want your entry that was over here needs to be over here. And if this thing pops up over here, then I want that this entry has to be over here. It might sound a little bit crazy. It's about the size. So when you see that the odds are against you, it's all about sizing. You size it slowly. And when the odds are with you, that's when you can, you know, okay, although I'm prepared for two bucks, but I will size myself more over here because the odds are in my favor. I know it's sick, but that's why I'm sick. You know, I know it's sick what I'm telling you guys. You know, it's so many things. This, that, top, top, top, top, top, top. Oh, MW Maker is crazy. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. Love you all. Bye-bye.