*** Live Stream 04-09-2025 Crypto Ready to Pump *** 

00:00:02
Welcome, welcome, welcome! And we'll catch up again. Trading crypto, welcome, retail firm, welcome! Welcome, welcome, welcome into another live stream, it's gonna be a nice one. Talk a little bit about markets, about sentiment, about bitcoin, about altcoins, about the mindset of retailers in crypto, what to do, what not to do. Are we going up? Are we going down? Is MW gonna make his next macro-macro uh macro-macro-macro-analyze so let me first of all get my chart on because I'm seeing that you guys have a blank... there you go, there you go, there you go, there you go. You know, sometimes, you know, I need to do these live streams, need to Show some more but you know I'm gonna leave that for the for the open uh short market updates and and the live streams will be on the charts because you know you just have you got to trust me on this one you know I understand that for the eye you know people that like to watch these crypto shows you know

00:01:22
seeing a lot of stuff and going through them. It's for entertainment. It's nice. But if you're subscribed to this channel, the only thing I need to show you is the charts. That's how you're going to make money. That's how you get educated. That's how you know what to do. So all the other crap, you don't need that. But it is what it is. It is what it is. So we're going to talk today about a lot of things. Salsa isn't with us today; I think she's traveling, so it's all on me. So good morning, good morning! Gonna get some music running and then we're gonna yeah, we're gonna do what we always do-make the best analysts in the markets. Boom boom!

00:03:19
Thank you, thank you, thank you. We're going to start, we're going to start off, we're going to start off. Thank you for the music, Mr. DJ Tahar Pro. So, what do I got over here? Very quickly, we got This Is Bob, Samar Rashid. So, yeah, someone is there. You're not the first one, Samar Rashid. This Is Bob was before you. So, we got Leon over there, Munchoff. We got Reza, we got Pedro. We got whatever letters those are. Good morning, bro. Let me show you guys. Translate this, please. Maybe this guy is just, you know, he's cursing on us and we cannot read it. Supak, we got Alpiman is in the house. We got G, good morning. Yes, yes, yes.

00:04:04
We got Ziggy, Frank, Willems, we got KPNs, we got Deathbrick, we got Tenzi, Walid is in the house, Alcoco is in the house. El Floriano is also in the house. We've got Randy. We've got Obluda. Frodo. We've got 4Jerry. Chris Lee. We've got Anthony. We've got Abra Cadennial. We've got Christian. Brian Jacobs. EFR. What a Dutch army in here. Rose. Also Dutch army. Peter. We've got Ant. We've got Jabba Dabba. We got Sveon Kourbous, we got Kir, we got Cash, we got Rob McCourt, let's see, Al Pink, and we got Richard. Okay, okay, nice, nice. I think that the rest are either working or Ali Khabar is coming in. Ali Khabar, welcome, Ali Khabar. Oh, Ali Khabar is in the gym. Ah, Ali Khabar is in the gym.

00:05:01
Very good, very good, very good. So welcome, welcome all. Uh, I don't know, maybe this is a good time for you guys on a stream, you know? I'm trying guys because you know I noticed yesterday, you know I'm an early bird and I was early here but you know most of my community, they're sleeping when I'm, you know, when I'm awake so I'm really pushing trying to do my streams around this time, you know. I think this is the best time for people; they woke up and they're, you know, but you got a feeling, you're feeling So guys, I told you already on Twitter, I'm trying to connect to that. I need to see what's going on. I need to understand it. I need to see. I'm not seeing it yet.

00:05:52
So as long as I don't see it, I'm just not seeing it. It's just what it is. I'm not seeing it yet. When I see it, I will share it. I will tell you guys when I'm seeing it. But for now, we just have to trust on the support levels. We have to trust in the indicator. So, you know, you have to see it like this, guys. You know, I prepare myself for trades. I prepare myself for shorts. By the way, for the ones that noticed yesterday, the Bera trade, the 2000 P&L that I announced, just like I did on Anna, just like I did on another coin. I don't know which one it was. But, you know.

00:06:31
All those predictions that I make and you know I you know when I say I promise I also say I never break a promise, you have to understand that for someone to do something like this openly, that's sick, guys, that's really sick, that's really mind-blowing because you know there is uh two guys, two guys, and one one guy from the team, you know when I make these promises they you know because they believe in me so much they go in and they go in heavy and you know these guys make life-changing money on these trades but you have to be really strong, you have to really truly believe in me to you know to to do that but it's basically only one trade changes their lives financially forever because you're talking about almost, that's the one that I saw. Almost a six-figure, almost. It wasn't a six-figure, but almost. And, you know, it's sick. And, you know, I never break a promise. And, you know, I haven't been wrong so far. So, you know, the challenge is this. This is the challenge. You have to catch me being wrong. It's a challenge, you know.

00:07:58
I'm trying, I'm trying to connect the dots, I'm trying so I'm not seeing it yet, so I need a little bit more time to connect the dots but until then we have to just respect the the rules and the rules are we follow the indicator and we respect the support side, so first of all let me tell you that this chart, this DXY, you know, this is the one that is that is that is that is That is, you know, this is the struggle in my connecting the dots, this chart. Because there's a lot going on in the world. And, you know, some are saying, well, Trump is trying to weaken the dollar so he can make it stronger after. And, you know, there's a lot of economic crap going on in the world.

00:08:45
And, you know, they're also releasing a lot of news. But let me tell you this, guys, just when news, economic news comes out. You know, I don't read news like most people when I see it, there's always a story behind it, and you know it's those stories that I'm also trying to connect with each other so where are they leading us to? When are they going to strike retailers again because this is how I see financial markets-I see them like this: so you've got this rich elite and then let me do this because you know while I'm talking a lot of times I'm I'm I'm moving my hands but you guys can't see my hands, you guys cannot see my hands but so let me try to put my hands over here so you guys can see how I see it.

00:09:37
You know, you've got the rich elite and then you got the retailers over here so this is how I see finance-you want to get a little bit into my mind And how I see it is very simple. So you got the news, the media. So you got the media over here, that's over here above us, and then over here and over here, retailers, and the rich. So let me remove this one so you can see better. Hop up! You're gone. And let me remove this one. So over here we got the rich elite. So this is the rich elite. and this is the yeah there's also retailers people that's to the top of people so what happens is is that these guys they rule this group and this group does exactly uh so they send us the information that this group wants us to receive so they don't they don't they don't

00:10:42
give us the the they don't give us the information they use this source to give us the information so whatever this rich rich elite is sending the media to transfer the info the sentiment into us it's you have to see they always have a plan these guys and their plan is to destroy this group financially that's how it works and you know let me tell you that in uh crypto it's the same So in the crypto, the wheels over here, this is the media. Who is the media? These are the influencers that you all know. So every famous crypto content account that you know, that's your media and crypto. It's the same. It's the same story. But, you know, the Bloombergs and the CNNs and the NBCCs and the Watcher, you know, this Watcher that I post, Kobashilev, et cetera.

00:11:37
This is just how it works. This is reality. This is how it works. So, what I do is I try to break the code over here while they're sending this information, because the information that they are sending to us, there is always a plan behind it. So what I'm always doing, I'm trying to figure out the plan. So why are they, you know, this is why I'm telling you a lot of times, I don't see things like you guys see them. Because, for example, when I see, like, breaking news, this, that, whatever, Michael Saylor just bought one on Bill, or we're going to this, or Powell's going to do that. You guys see, okay, you read the news, and then you get that into your mind, and then that's what you're thinking, what you read, because you trust the news.

00:12:26
And by the way, guys, this is not only in the economic world. It's in everything. It's in everything. It's just how it works. I'm always looking for, okay, why are they sending this now? And why the timing of this now? And what's the reason behind it? Let me give you guys a very, very easy example. So let's just go like three months back. So we got Trump coming in, Trump, and then you see all those, you know, oh, crypto is going to be the capital of the world, and this, and America, and this, and then you got this. You got this Trump Foundation buying coins like Anna. So you have to see like they're buying Anna. And I'm saying I'm going to short Anna to 2,000%.

00:13:17
By the way, 2,000 is a lot. I'm going to explain this, by the way. It's 70% down. To say something like that, you have to really have guts and balls to say this openly. Because just imagine someone saying: 'that he's going to short something on a spot back that the spot price will go around 70% down.' Well, Trump Foundation is buying the coin. You have to really own big balls to do that. But forget about that. So let me get back to the story. So Trump, you know, the news was capital this, that. The normal people in the world, this is how they read it. Oh, bullish. Oh, this finally. Okay, it's going to happen. MW, okay, I'm going to open up my short ETF.

00:14:06
I'm going to short the crap out of Bitcoin, Solana. I don't care. Even ETH, we shorted ETH to crazy. The biggest, biggest, biggest altcoins in the world. The most solid ones, most strong ones. You have to understand that without connecting the dots, so forget about the dots on the charts and the TA. You have to understand this story. I'm explaining you this story. This is an example of it. So what they did over here was the super rich, they gave the signals to the media. Okay, this is what we're going to share. And then those that shared it, okay, then they put it to the people. And that's how they wrecked them. That's how they wrecked them. And they will, just for you guys to understand, this will happen a lot.

00:14:55
It has always been like this. People are just not seeing this. They don't understand this. And you know how this works. Let me tell you how this works. I'm going to explain something else. So this is also very important. I'm going to explain that. So let me remove all this. So let me give you guys something else. Let me give you guys something else. Because this is the psychology of trading, investing, crypto, whatever. So this is super, super, super important. You have to see it like this. So suppose that I have a very, very big, big bag of Bitcoin. I've got a super, super big bag of Bitcoin. So, okay. Suppose that I'm the holder of Bitcoin. So I've got, you know, I've got like, let's say I've got like 50% of Bitcoin.

00:15:48
So I'm holding 50%, all the Bitcoin available in the world. And suppose that, you know, I want to sell it. I want to sell. I want to flip it into fiat. I cannot just sell it because if I would sell it, I would dump the price. The price will dump so hard. So it will probably go to zero. It will hurt me also because I cannot sell like 20% or 30% of my Bitcoin while I'm holding 50%. It's impossible. I will dump the price so deep. It's impossible. So what happens is I'm already planned to sell it, but I cannot sell it out of my own. I need some narratives. I need some narratives to dump it. So what I'm doing is I'm just waiting, waiting, waiting.

00:16:31
For example, the U. S. markets will go down or maybe Trump saying something bearish or maybe the Deeks. It doesn't matter. Anything. So when I see that these things happen, that's the moment when I start dumping my bags. I'm already planning on dumping them. I can dump them any moment I want. But I will not. Because why? Because if Bitcoin, if I dump it down, there needs to be an explanation why Bitcoin went down. And the explanation for going down is US 500, DXY, Trump, something, whatever news out there. So this is the media. And sometimes I have to, what I have to do, sometimes I hire the media to put some fun in so I can.

00:17:23
Dump these bags because I have to dump them, but I cannot dump them out of here because if this would not be over there and I would dump Bitcoin then the whole world will not believe in Bitcoin anymore because Bitcoin is just dumped with the 30-40-50. I will never ever do that so you have to understand this is how it works, this is what you know, this is how everything works, and then you got also the leverage, leverage part but that's another story, that's what you know, that's more on the low time frame movements but on a big picture this is how it works. Because let me give you guys a very very good, very good uh example, how I keep nailing a lot of stuff.

00:18:10
Let me show you, let me show, I'm going to give you a very very good example so let me show you this one for example, so we had this this support zone, you know I calculated this support zone already a month ago, remember I already calculated this, so you have to see it like this, so over here I already told you okay this is possibly the dump zone, okay the dump zone that's number one and I told you also this is already the support zone, so it's what you know, someone That is telling you over here this is the this is the this is the resistance zone and he's telling you also already from

00:18:51
over here he's already telling you about this zone that this is a support zone and when you see exactly how it comes down over here it starts ramping up into the indicator back and now it's trying to ramp up again that's crazy guys that's really crazy if you can calculate this like a month ago already but let me tell you this so remember this chart If we would go to Bitcoin, look at Bitcoin. Look at Bitcoin. So this is our zone. We didn't touch the line exactly, but we are very close. So we missed it by, what is it? What is this? We missed it by 1K or 2K. But it's the same story because already over here, over here, we were already, a month ago, I was already expecting this line to hit this zone over here, this over here.

00:19:44
I was already anticipating on this. I was already preparing myself, okay, if this one goes over here, reaches this box, Bitcoin will probably hit this box also. You see how you calculate these things? And this is also, by the way, guys, because this is also, if you want to take it even a step further, you want to go to the altcoins, a lot of times people, oh, altcoins. showing us some buy zones will never hit. Almost they all hit. Now, how do you do that? Because I'm seeing the bigger picture. I'm seeing what's going on. You have to understand, I'm seeing it, I'm connecting it. And for sure, I can miss 5% or 10% of the points. But 90% I will have hit them. This is how you become financially independent.

00:20:40
This is how you plan things and do them before they even happen. You should show yourself in streams with a mask. Why? Why? Why? Why? I'm doing good like this. You know, I've got very ugly hands. I don't want to show my hands. I've got ugly hands. No, seriously, guys. For now, this is also why I kept telling you again and again and again, we have to remain bullish. We have to remain bullish. So, you know, for sure we had this four-hour, like I teach you for the traders on the lower timeframes. For the traders on the lower timeframes, this is just Alpiman textbook, you know. Alpiman, he reads a lot, he analyzes a lot, and he doesn't trade. No, because he's got some testosterone problems.

00:21:38
But listen, guys, this, see this, this is over here we bought in. Over here we take profits. And over here is the support zone again. And I understand that this thing could dive down. But, you know, if you just trade the indicator, this was also your buying again. And this is how you navigate through these markets. That's how, what I keep telling you, use the indicator. If he like bought in over, you know, there was one guy, he texted me, I bought in 230K. He told me over here, I took profits of 300K. Listen, bro, this is 70K that he made on a market where everyone is getting wrecked. And the only thing he's doing, he's respecting the support zone and he's respecting the indicator. It's that simple.

00:22:29
You just have to put it in. You just have to do it. And I think he's in. I don't know what he's doing now, but I think he's in profit zero again. But let's now go to what's going to happen next. Because that's what we need to know now. What's going to happen next? So where are we going from here? And that's something very, you know, China, Japan, there's a lot going on in the world, guys. So let me tell you a little bit about, you know, that post about, about, about. Trump yesterday about, we're going to build iPhones. What? What the crap was that? White House says we can build iPhones. What does he even mean by that? Is there anyone who even thought about it? What is he doing?

00:23:21
We can build our own iPhones. You know, whatever. This guy, what he's doing, let me go to Apple. This is after he said that. Did you guys know, by the way, because I think most of you guys don't know this. Did you guys know that Buffett, one of his biggest positions was Apple and he almost liquidated it all? Do you think there is a coincidence here, do you think there is some connection over here? I don't know; I'm just saying. Because Apple dropped, by the way, guys just keep in mind that I think that's my opinion: I think that you have to be if Apple dumps more, I think that Apple is a very good investment for the long term. Let's just say that.

00:24:26
So, if Apple were any mean, if Apple comes back, let's just say Apple comes back to the 123 zones over here. So if we're going to get some capitalization or whatever, I think that Apple is a good scoop. It's just a long-term investment. I think that Apple is a good scoop because I'm not seeing any company coming close to what Apple, whatever Apple is doing. So this is all. accumulation zone for me on apple over here dca entry and if it goes down i would buy more and more and more and more and more so okay we're not here for stocks so i'm not going to talk about more of a stock but this would be an entry but so let me now the question is are we going to hold this level yes or no are we going to hold this level yes let me use this one are we going to hold this level yes

00:25:22
In my opinion, even if we're going to break down, we need some kind of power from the bulls over here. Because, you know, there was one guy asked me, do you really think that your box is going to hold? Trump is really pushing over here and that and it. Listen, it's very simple. If they want to break this level, there needs to be really, really, really some big powers, some big bears to break this level. It has to be really that, you know, things would have to go really, really, really sickly down before this thing might dump down. Because you have to understand that the bulls really will step in and will try to protect this thing. So even if I would think that this thing will dump down, I think it will not go down without a fight.

00:26:09
And this is also why I keep telling you, keep focusing on those loans. Keep focusing on those loans. Take profits on the way. Keep focusing on those loans so for now something um because I'm connecting the dots and you know I'm seeing some kind of direction but uh you know I need to be you know I need to be confident enough I'm not confident enough about about releasing what I'm thinking for now so for now it's really about about about just training the MW indicator and let's see if this level is gonna hold yes or no um. Also, we have to see what Asia is doing. Because Asia is also a little bit of trouble in Japan also. So we have to keep in mind. But it's something else also very important.

00:26:56
Yesterday, it was about Trump and that Apple thing that he did. And, you know, while I was reading that, I thought to myself, is Trump really pushing to break this level? I think he is. Because I'm not seeing that Trump is satisfied with this dump yet. I don't think so. I think that Trump wants this to get to these levels, 3,400. That's what I think. I think that Trump is really pushing over here. I think that Trump, you know, by the way, guys, I know that the whole world thinks that this market crash or this market correction is based on the tariffs. I don't believe that. I think that the tariffs is the media part that I explained you at the beginning of the video. That's just that media part.

00:27:55
That's all. I think this was, you know, by the way, guys, when I gave you these targets of down, the tariffs didn't even start. There were no tariffs over there. So for me, this market correction is just, you know. For the people to read it and to have an explanation why we're dumping but in my opinion there is a big plan over you know. I was thinking to myself yesterday, you remember when Trump became president? And then we had his i think Barron is his name, his son. He whispered something in the ears of Biden, a lot of people had you know whatever it was that he said. They, you know, in my opinion, when he told them we're going to crush the markets-that's what I think that he told him.

00:28:39
The bubble that you have been blowing all these years, you and your, whatever it is, your sponsors behind the scenes, were going to question the markets. I think that's what Barron told them. I think that's what Barron told them. But, you know, you have to keep in mind, guys, I know this goes a little bit deep what I'm going to say now, but, you know, basically, Trump is my hero. Because Trump is fighting. The ones that nobody can fight, he's fighting the elites that have been blowing this bubble for years and decades, so he's fighting them now, he's fighting them and fighting them, fighting them. So in my opinion, he's on this one; he's he's my hero; he's really my hero at this moment because he's fighting these you know, because these guys are my enemies, you know, because this bubble is is what You know, you have to see it like this.

00:29:36
I know that, you know, I'm going to lose a lot of you guys in what I'm going to say now. But, you know, I'm going to say it anyway. These guys that are pushing these prices up, these are the rich elite keeping the middle class and the low class people poor. That's what they do. As long as they keep bubbling, bubbling, bubbling over here, they stay rich and the mid class and the low class stay poor. The people stay poor. So these are my enemies. But if you dump this very good down, and these guys that have been wrecking us for years and wrecking us, but they took the money on their own. So they're becoming rich on a daily basis. Well, a lot of people have to work hard.

00:30:24
You have to see the teachers, the garbage man, the store manager, whatever. These guys are working very hard to make like, I don't know, 100 bucks, 200 bucks, $ 200 bucks a day. These guys are just, you know, at some island drinking champagne and a lot of martinis and making millions a day. I know that a lot of you guys have no clue what I'm talking about. But, you know, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. But for now, for now. This is holding we have to respect it just like I told you in my previous stream, so let's let's now. I think we talked uh enough about financial markets, now and I know that probably maybe 50-60-70 if I just said uh doesn't make any sense to anyone, so let's just go talk crypto.

00:31:14
Let's go talk crypto, so crypto uh basically what we're heading is over here it's just like the markets, boom-boom and you know uh, I think that sailor has been doing his thing but you know, sailor or no sailor it doesn't matter. Sailor or no sailor, um this is support level I would really really really love to see this thing coming coming down to 67k, I would really really love to see it over here so if we're gonna jump into and let me tell you um what what you will see now is you'll see bigger moves down, smaller moves up, bigger moves down almost up but it's at some point this is the one that I'm eyeing at some point this this one this one will get exhausted and start dumping down and that's what happens next.

00:32:11
Is it? Although we're coming down just a small move up would make altcoins uh make big runs so That's what I'm preparing for. I'm preparing, guys. You have to see now, even if we would dump now to the 67, I don't care even if we would dump to 55. The focus is on the loss now. The focus is on the loss. You have to catch them. You have to catch every dip. You have to catch every dump. You have to really catch them. The power now will be up. So that's what I'm preparing for. I've got a big bag of cash. And, you know, I already made nice money on the previous dump and the retest took some nice profits there. But you have to keep in mind that, you know, I'm very, very, very interested in deploying money.

00:33:07
And when I'm telling you money, I'm really telling you solid money. So strong money. So, you know, at some point I could be with 50, 60, 70 percent in. Not over here now. Because I already took profits on the 4-hour, but you have to see if this thing comes down into this box over here, I could get in with 50%. I could get in with 50%. You have to keep this in mind. And, you know, it will be zero Bitcoin. I will not buy any Bitcoin. It will be ETH. We're going to talk about ETH in a moment. So it will be ETH. It will be a lot of coins. So over here, and, you know. Over here is where I'm really willing to take the risk.

00:33:50
And even if you would dump down, actually, I hope that it goes down. You know, I don't care at these points. You know, I don't care. I just deploy my money and I just hold all the positions and just add to them. Because that's also something that I love. You know, you have peace of mind. Okay. You know, I bought in 20%. Okay. Well, come down more because I still have got cash, okay? It comes down, okay, another 10, another 10, another 10, and at some point, I'm in with 50 60 70, $80, and then just you know I'm gonna chill, enjoy my life. I bought all bottoms and I'm just gonna enjoy my life, waiting to cash out, that's also. Or do you guys want me to tell you?

00:34:38
Okay, guys, I'm going to open up a loan here, and I promise you that I'm going to make it 2,000% on this one. I think that, you know, actually, I think that the long ETF, by the way, the long ETF is now in 56% profit. And by the way, 56%, a lot of people, and the long ETF is 56%, but that's nothing. No, guys, 56% of the whole portfolio. So you have to see it like this: $ 100K is now $156K. You know, I just need a little bit more and I doubled my portfolio while I was still at the bottom. It's sick, I know. But, you know, that's just what I do. So for now, I'm really comfortable.

00:35:22
I want, you know, at this point, for me, it's now really focusing on filling my bank. So if Trump wants to push over here, push Trump, break the system, break it, even if it would come down to the 3,400. I'll be deploying. This is now, you know, this is this over here. This is over here, deploying as a professional. If we're going to come down, this is for me now, deploying money. Deploying money, but you have to know where to deploy it and how to deploy it and how to sell the balances and how to secure profits and how to make sure that you own enough money to buy more and more and more. So this is a new strategy. That's why I told you also on Twitter, I will teach you now how to be bulls.

00:36:02
I will teach you. Or to low markets. I'll teach it to you. I'll tell you. Just follow me on Twitter and on my live streams. I will take you with me every time. Okay, it's time for this. We're going to talk about those outcomes in a moment, by the way, guys. But this is super, super important. So, for now, this dump is only 20%. This is nothing, by the way, guys. We could dump another 20% over here like nothing. If we're going to lose the box over here, only to this bottom is 28%. You know, guys. I think that this is your golden opportunity. I think that this is how you can change your life.

00:36:38
And it might take a while because you shouldn't expect, okay, we're going to dump down over here and then, oh, boom, they were all the time high again. It's possible because the bulls of Wall Street, nobody, you know, these guys can do whatever it is that they do. They're the biggest bulls in the world, but you have to understand that it might also take a while, you know, it might take a while, and then maybe another dump down, but at some point, it's just what markets do, at some point, you're going up again, so this might be over here your biggest, biggest, biggest chance to change your life financially ever, ever, ever, ever.

00:37:30
I think most of you guys have no clue what I'm saying here like yeah, well who gives a, but let me tell you this: if this line will get broken, this could capitulate very fast. So this level over here the 4K and then we got 3,400, this was the previous uh previous low in '22, all of that in my opinion, we should we really should hit this level I really we really should hit this level between now and two months max, we need to hit those levels. In my opinion, we should really hit those levels. But again, even though I think on the market that we should hit those levels, I need to connect the dots when it will happen. But if it's going to happen, look at this.

00:38:25
You're going to see something like this. Oh. Another box, you know, and I think that if, if we will, uh, if we will just let's say, if we get a crash, if we will hit these levels, I think that this is the bottom. I think that this is the bottom. I think that we, I think that we, if we go lower than this, then you know, then you know, that will be... you know, it's possible, but I think that if you will hit 4k, 3004, I think that this is the you know, let me just say this, let me say it this way: I would go all in on stocks, for example, my portfolio for stock, the stock portfolio.

00:39:10
I would really go all in, and even if it goes lower, I just close the damn thing; I will not look at it until I'm in profits. But this is why when I'm really willing to go all in, you should never go all in. By the way, always keep a little bit of cash on the side, like 10, 20... but I'm just giving you, like, that you guys understand me so if by any means this thing would come down here, I would really be willing to to go all in over here and just, you know, risk it. So um, but for now, for now, this is just, you know, for now. We have to focus on this support line, so this might take a while, and we don't know we don't know because Trump, whatever it is that he's doing, but we're holding the line over here.

00:39:52
So, but Let me tell you In this process, if it would go down, in this process, I will not be interested in a lot of shorts. You know, I've got my shorts running. They're still running, by the way, even that we hit this one. From short ETFs, they're still running. Let me tell you, Bitcoin is still running. Bearers are still running. There are a lot of coins still running in shorts. So it's not that I don't own any shorts anymore. But over here, if it would come down. This is really the moment where you have to be focusing on roles. This is when, you know, you have to see it like this. I know, I know. I'm going to show you how sick I am.

00:40:32
I'm going to show you how sick I am, and then we're going to go to the altcoins. Look, what time is it, by the way? Oh, I don't got a lot of time anymore. So suppose the price is... going down at some point; um, at some point, I'm gonna be more interested in these moves over here; I'm gonna be supporting these moves over here, so even if this thing goes up again, I'll be interested; so I'll be focusing on these moves. And there are times, like you saw me past months, I was focused on these moves; you see, these ones, I was focused on these moves. But at some point now, I'll be focusing on these moves. And these moves are up. A lot of people don't understand.

00:41:29
But MW, but the price came down again. Yes, but sir, you have to understand that I'm making a lot of money on loans. Why am I making that money on loans? Because the loans or push prices will give you the most benefits. And, you know, it goes a little bit deep to explain to you guys how that works. Maybe I'll do that in another bit. But let me go and do some analysis on the altcoins because we're running late now. Sometimes I forget about myself and, you know, I keep showing you guys a lot of crazy, sick stuff. And I'm not even cursing. I'm not even swearing. So let me show you something ETH, guys. By the way, guys, keep in mind, I'm super bullish on ETH. I'm really, really super bullish on ETH.

00:42:22
So keep in mind that I will be buying a lot of ETH. Now, that's just me. That's M. Willkill. You know, when everyone would tell you, 'listen, for whatever reason, ETH is dead, ETH did whatever', I don't give a crap. You know, I believe what I'm seeing on the charts, you know. That's my thing, you know. Guys, ETH over here, I'll be buying a really huge bag of ETH. Now, hold on. I'll hold ETH over here. So if ETH dives below the $1,000, I'll be buying myself a lot of ETH. And I know that you guys are all seeing that ETH is getting sold and dormant, whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever. There are bars selling ETH. You sell ETH. I don't care. You know, they're using the media.

00:43:09
Show them we sold ETH. Congrats. So ETH is going to zero. Yeah, whatever. Guys, if ETH comes in the direction of $1,000, I'm going to buy myself a lot. And I'm going to trade a lot of ETH. Also, I suggest that the high volume traders start preparing yourself for ETH. It's going to be ETH. So ETH, I don't care what they say. I don't care what they say about it. I'm going to buy a lot of ETH. And I'm going to explain to you why I'm going to buy a lot of ETH. We went below this high. Oh, this is good, by the way, guys. So ETH, come ETH back to the $1,000. And I will definitely buy myself a big bag of ETH. So let me show you.

00:43:49
Let me show it. This is the logic here. But let me show you this, guys. You know, if you're going to ask me, but MW, why are you interested in buying a lot of ETH? I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. It's not like I'm buying ETH because. because i just felt like it or maybe someone paid me to tell you that there was a cockroach yesterday he tm'd me on telegram he told me listen mw i you know i saw a trust pilot i saw some some some some crazy stuff about one of your partners i told him yes okay well on frost pilot there is stuff about everything in

00:44:28
the world you've got the you got you got you got the good comments you got the bad comments and it's a media war that they're fighting between them and you know a lot of it is a lot of crap and then you talk but how can you be so sure i'm gonna tell you i'm gonna be so sure because i've got like thousands of people that are in my community that that are trading there or doing business there or whatever. And nobody, zero, zero, had any complaints, had any problems, had whatever. That's how I know for sure that it's good. And if I see only one or two that have something, I will say something about it. No, but MW, you know what you've got to do, cockroach? You're going to get clicked.

00:45:11
But let me explain why I'm so interested in ETH. And we remove all of this. We remove the indicator so we got a clear chart. Let me put it on a monthly. Look at this, guys. And then you can tell me about the fundamentals. Yeah, but ETH will never go up again. And ETH is dying. And ETH is slow. And ETH is expensive. ETH is this. I don't care what you say. ETH remains the number one altcoin in the world. Let me just say this. Any whale or big investor, if he wants to invest in crypto, he's going to buy ETH. What do you think he's going to buy? Do you think he's going to buy Giga? Do you think he's going to buy Fartcoin? Do you think he's going to buy Cody or are you going to buy VeChain? No, he's going to buy ETH. The real big, I'm talking about the big money in the world. Money that you cannot count. all your life so they're gonna buy it so i'm do you know how i see if i'm gonna tell you how i see i see it as a stable coin if i'm gonna buy it if i'm gonna buy it at these levels

00:46:49
I'm so proud of you guys that you guys are here with me. And I really, really, really, really, really, really hope, you know, I already made about the sickest predictions, trades, analyzes, I think available on internet. I don't, you know, let me just say this. If any of you guys know someone that does only 25% of what I do, please send, DM me, please. I'm begging you, DM me. If someone makes really good analyses and, you know, his predictions come out and his analyzes work out and, you know, you're making money, please DM me his name. If it's only he doesn't even have to be the half of me, only 25%. Because a lot of times I get some names from my real feminists and this guy, this guy, and then I'm going to check them out and then I see that it's a lot of crap.

00:47:41
Because again, how you guys see things is not how I see them. I see, you know, I've got other glasses on my nose. So, guys, ETH, and I know this is ETH against Bitcoin, but ETH against Bitcoin, guys, look where we're going. So, what if, just what if, what if people start flipping their Bitcoin into ETH at this point? Can you even imagine? Because you have to see it like this, guys. This is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11. Just over here, guys, look at this. This is only from 1st of November. Are you seeing this? This is 81% down. ETH is 81% down against Bitcoin. What do you think will happen?

00:48:36
Because, you know, the whales don't care about those memes and those gifs about, you know, Vitalik that is getting gray and you're going to get rich on ETH in 50 years or whatever. That's for retailers. That's entertainment. That's the media selling you that, sharing it. Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ah, ha, ha. Oh, so funny. Big money isn't out there to make jokes. Big money is focused on how to make money. So if the big money will see over here that this. is a double you see boom boom boom boom they're gonna flip their bitcoin what do you think will happen when we get like if it's only two months or three months or four months you see this you see how much gains you can make it's only to here this is a two and a half x guys only to this level only here.

00:49:41
So, again, let me go back to ETH USDT. Where are you? Where is it? Oh, here it is. So I'm going to buy myself a nice bag of ETH on the first. I'm going to start DCA buying it. And, you know, ETH, this is investment portfolio. I'm just going to, you know, everything below the $1 ,200, $1 ,100, $1 ,000, $200, $800, I'm just going to buy it. And I'm going to forget about it. I'm going to put it on a cold wallet. I'm going to leave it there. And you just go, you have to see it like this, guys. You have to see it like this, guys. Do you remember when we are over here? ETH was a 4K or maybe even over here, almost 5K.

00:50:22
Do you remember when you, oh yeah, did you know that ETH was just over here? Just over here or over here. Do you remember when ETH was just at a thousand bucks? Do you remember when ETH, this was the FTX, I think, when it came to 800 bucks? Look now, we should have bought it. Oh, we've made such a big mistake. Oh, I'm regretting it so much that I didn't buy it. It's easy talk. It's easy talk over here to say that. I should have bought it over here, or I should have bought it over here, or I even should have bought it. It's easy talk. You have to show the guts. When the time is there. So while you are whining and crying about not buying at 800 bucks, well, we're almost there.

00:51:09
We just need a lot of 40%, 50%. Yes. No. What is this? Maybe 60, 70%. Let's just say 50%. This is 40%. You're just 40% away from it now. So when a dump happens, so. The crying that you were doing over here when it was over here and crying, oh, I should have bought myself some Ethereum. You can buy it now. You can buy it. Okay, so let me go to the coins because I'm running out of time, guys. And, you know, I wish that I had more time because, you know, these are one of those streams, you know, when I, you know. If today it's not about the

00:51:57
market update it's not about that today it's it's it's it's just to get into your minds you know I wanna I wanna make winners out of you because you have to see it like this when I was telling listen I'm gonna show it better to death at that point you know people even they know that okay you he's probably gonna do with this crazy crazy of me but you know You just don't have the guts to do it. You know, I own the guts, but you don't own those guts, those balls. Okay, let's go. Boom, let's do it. No. But, you know, it's all about, you need to have the guts to do this. You need to own the guts to, you know, okay, boom. Okay, now it's enough is enough.

00:52:45
Okay, so financial markets have been retraced. We hoped if they go down more, okay, now it's just time to start scaling in. And not waiting until this thing bounces up again and then you're already too late. And when it's too late, then you think, oh, I'm not going to. Let me tell you how retailers think in their minds. So suppose that, let's just say, because I'm not talking, telling you I'm going to buy in. And when I tell you I'm going to buy, I'm going to buy. You know, I don't fuck around. If I tell you I'm going to buy, I'm going to buy. I don't give a fuck. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. A lot of retailers, when this thing comes down, they're afraid.

00:53:24
But it's normal because you guys, with all respect, you guys are amateurs. So amateurs, retailers, people-when things come down, they're just afraid. They get feared. They get feared. It's just they're scared. They don't even DCA in. They don't buy at all because so scared. Oh, no, I'm not going to buy a falling knife. Oh, no, I'm not going to catch a falling knife. Listen to this falling knife crap. That's what they're selling you. That's what the media wants to tell you. Remember, the media-they create this. So while I start DCA buying over here, these are really so they don't buy out of fear. And then this thing starts bouncing up and then just like that. And then, oh, I should have bought.

00:54:06
And then even if they missed it and this thing would come down, they don't even buy here. Why? Because their mind is telling them no. We're either going to buy in over here or never going to buy it again. So we're going to leave it go. And what do super wheels do? They make higher lows. So they don't let it come down over here because it's in a bullish trend and they're going to hold it up. And that's when the only thing that you're doing, you're out of the markets. You didn't buy here and you refused to buy here and you refused to buy here. And you're just waiting it out, hoping someday that this thing will come back down here. But in the meantime, it just did this.

00:54:44
This is how retailers think. I know how you guys think. I spent a lifetime trying to understand how superpowers, wheels, how they destroy retailers. And to understand how they destroy retailers, I have to understand how retailers think. And by the way, I'm also a retailer. But I'm also in the minds of the super wheels because I have to also understand how they are trying to make sure that we stay poor. It's that simple. Okay, guys, I really have to move on now. So let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me go. Let's go. So VeChain, guys, VeChain, boom, boom. VeChain is in the zone. VeChain hit the zone. I'm, you know, it might sound crazy when I'm saying I'm still bullish on VeChain. I love VeChain.

00:55:39
I will buy VeChain. And I don't give a crap what anyone else says. I buy VeChain because why? VeChain never disappoints me. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain into the box, boom. VeChain never disappoints me. It's that simple. I'm going to buy VeChain again and again and again. And why am I buying VeChain? Because I'm still anticipating that the Chinese market at some point will open up their crypto markets. And I know that VeChain will be their market leader. Because fundamentally, it's the best that they own over there. So I'm super bullish on VeChain. So let me go to Nir. Nir, I have to be honest that I missed a little bit of track about what Nir is doing. And, you know, I really have no clue.

00:56:23
I've got my buy orders over here that didn't get hit yet. So, but, you know, it's on my long ETF. And, you know, I don't even know why it's on my long ETF. TA-wise, it's looking super good. But I don't know if there is still some life in this Nir or whatever it is that they're doing. A link, link is, you have to see it like this, guys. I've got like five coins, those are really my market leaders in my portfolio, that's ETH, that's uh V Chain, that's Chain Link, um Tron, uh Trading wise because Tron did a dump yet, and there was one more, I'll get back to the one more, um Oh but oh Suey, that's Suey by the way, Suey is so Suey also so, but Suey needs to dump more, I want Suey over here around one dollar,

00:57:08
I really you know I need this thing to dump down if Sue will dump down to a one box, I'll buy myself really a big bag so um Virtuals let's see Virtual, Virtuals not hit this zone yet so uh good for Virtual, Swarms is is dying it's dying it didn't hit my zone also so over here um so we got A i XBT it's in the zone so uh The DCA will probably start oh this one. By the way, guys, are you aware? You know, you know, you know, you know, I'm no fundamental guy. You've got like banter, you've got like Alcondelio, you've got like, you know, this Elio, you've got, these guys are the fundamental guys. But we came to a point that I'm also outperforming the fundamental guys.

00:57:59
And this is, you know, over here you lose me. So if, you know, that I'm, you know, that I'm better. That I'm good in my TA predictions and macro analyze, okay, that's one point, but you know I always tell you I suck in fundamentals, it's not my thing, but we came to a point that I'm also outperforming all the fundamental guys in crypto because I'm about the only one that is telling you part coin is the retail firm; this thing you have to keep an eye on-this game and every freaking time what we're seeing is is that fart coin is outperforming all other altcoins, so GTC is about the only conclusion that I have

00:58:39
now is that GTC is the best uh crypto uh accounts available in the world because you now got; and then nailing of all the trades and all the prediction and all the macro analysis all day; and now we also are nailing the fundamental part and you have to also keep in mind that uh I'm, I'm getting some fundamental people in and I'm also training some people and They're gonna join the GTC so keep really an eye on GTC Insider by the way. So it's all going to happen there because my account, you know, I do my thing. A lot of people, they love me for who I am and what I do. And I keep them just updated all day long about what's going on on my account.

00:59:16
And you've got the business account, GDC Insider. That's where you'll get really that boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, fundamental things, market updates, daily things, market, crypto news, et cetera. So follow GDC Insider if you're not following by the way. So let me go to the next one. Trumpy, I'll buy myself some Trumpy. Just keep in mind that I will buy Trump. Listen, guys, to what I'm saying. I'm going to buy Trump. So if this thing comes, you know, oh, if this thing, I don't care, by the way. I'm just going to say it as it is. I'm going to buy Trump. If this thing goes lower over here and loses this one, everything below the $7, $5, I'm just going to buy Trump.

00:59:56
I'm going to buy Trump, and I'm going to buy Trump, and I'm going to buy a decent bag of Trump. This bag will make me a lot of money. And they go, I'm done with this. I'm going to buy Trump. You know, I cannot tell you what you should buy. That's your own thing. I'm no financial advisor. You guys are here because you're interested in what I will be doing. So, I'm going to buy Trump. Was it clear? I'm going to repeat myself. I'm going to buy Trump. Okay. So, Trump, if this thing comes anything near the five bucks, I'll start buying Trump. And I'm just going to hold it, and I know that I'm going to make sick money on it. I just know it. I know it.

01:00:38
So, I'm going to buy Trump. So, Trump, if Trump dives down on this below the support that I just showed you, I'm going to buy some Trump. It's just that simple. I'm going to buy Trump. And, you know, if this thing comes down to $5, fine, I'm going to buy it. If this thing goes down to $3, I will average in and make sure that my average will be around $4. And I'm going to buy myself only a nice bag. And if this thing even wants to go even lower, I don't care. I'm going to buy more. So for me, everything around the five bucks on Trump is for me a long-term investment, at least as long as he's alive and president of the United States.

01:01:15
After that, if he's not, I'm out. So Giga, Giga, you guys know me. Giga, I'm just waiting for this thing to hit again. Giga, by the way, didn't make this slow, but, you know, I'm in no rush. I'm waiting for you, Giga. I'll wait for you. I'll wait. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Cody is reaching this level over here. You know, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody, Cody. It's just a DCA. So if this thing comes down towards the 35 cents or whatever, you know, at this point, just like I explained to you in the US 500, for me now, it's just building my portfolio. You know, you have to see it like this, guys.

01:01:54
You know, I got a 100% bag of cash and I've got also, a big bag of casual shorts running. I need to buy something. I need to buy something. Well, Cody will be one of them. So if this thing dumps down everything below until the 35 cents, I'll stop buying some Cody. I'll just DCA in and buy some Cody. Jirama, also same story in this blue box. I'll start DCA buying it slowly. Van Rie, Van Rie, Van Rie, Van Rie. So I didn't reach my level yet, but, you know, everything below the 80 cents, I'll buy some Van Rie Fala. Also buying everything below the six, seven. I'm going to buy Rune. Rune, everything below the one box is a buy for me. And there's a little small bag, by the way, guys.

01:02:37
Rune will be a small bag. Flux, by the way, will be a decent bag, by the way, guys. I'm going to buy myself a really decent bag of Fluxy. So I just don't care. I'm going to buy everything below over here. So, yeah, I already have a bag, by the way. I'm in profits now, but I'm not interested in taking profits for this one. I don't care. You know, Flux is not a coin for me that I want to trade. I just want to hold all these things. I just want to hold it and, you know, sell it at a 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 X. I don't care. So Flux is 16 cents, 15 cents, 15 cents, 15, where are you? 15 cents.

01:03:19
So Fluxy over here, you know, I just buy myself some Flux, you know, forget about it. Let's forget about it. We got RRC. RRC still didn't hit my zone, so RRC. By the way, guys, you have to understand that if I am really interested in ETH, and I think that ETH will reverse, you have to keep in mind that the ETH coins will also make even bigger gains. But I'll make a vid about that one. I'll make a vid about that one. So we got TIA. TIA over here. Okay, well, whatever, whatever, whatever. I think, okay, this is about that. I want to show you guys something. I need to close it up, but I want to show you guys something else. So I want to show you guys. Oh, by the way, guys, this layer crap thing. I cannot say too much about it, but this layer crap thing. This is look at this. I've seen this. This is really massive. So these are.

01:04:29
What can I say about this coin? Because I need to say something about it. I want to say something about it. GTC team, please let me say something about it. Let me say something about it; can I say something about this layer thing? Let me just say this: you have to be patient with layer, but your patience will be rewarded. Use the indie trade the Indian on there. So, I wanted to show you guys better by the way. There's nothing over here. Bye-bye love, bye-bye happiness; hello loneliness! Look at this, look at this! This is the love of my life. So much red, red, red. I know most of you guys over here because, you know, I shortened it over here. Made a lot of money over here. And, like, updated you, did it again over here. So, this is really the love of my life. I shortened it over here, by the way. Over here, I shorted it over here. Yes, took some profit over here. Went in again over here, and then over here it took profits again. And then over here was, you know, I shared them, all of them, all these trades, I shared them openly on Twitter.

01:06:08
People became rich from this. Bera, Bera is the love of my life. Bera, I love you, Bera. We'll start the forcing very soon and I'll make sure that you don't get a dime for me, period. Look, there's no sport, only guys. This is just, you know, it's I told you already in the previous vid. I told you Bera will be the same like like this crap. You know, I remember that's the day of today when that you know. There was someone in the chat was on YouTube and still open. So there were a lot of cockroaches coming in. And then over here, she told me, 'Shut up, shut up.' Eigen is the best project in the world. They've got this. And then she started telling me some fundamental crap out there that she read somewhere, probably at Altcoin.

01:07:03
de, showing her on Cointelegraph what coins are going to be the future. And then she came into my life. 'Shut up, shut up.' Eigen is going to the moon. 'Shut up,' MW. 'Shut up.' 'What are you talking about that Eigen is going to dump?' 'What are you talking about?' Eigen is going to dump. 'Shut up.' Just shut your mouth. I yesterday watched Altcoin. de. He has got 1. 3 million subscribers. And he told me on Cointelegraph that it's going to be the new future. By the way, I don't know if it's Altcoin. de. I'm just guessing something. So full disclosure, I'm not saying that Altcoin. de said this, but it's an example. What happened? Guys, I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for watching.

01:07:59
And, you know, I'm seeing that Salsa is also in the house. He joined us. So I love you all. I really hope that you learn something from this. People, they have no clue. They really have no clue. MW. Why should we subscribe to your live stream? What's in it for us guys? I'm giving you gold; I'm not only giving you my market updates, I'm giving you what I think, what I will do, and most of all, I'm trying to train you. I'm trying to get into your minds. I'm giving you the real picture. I'm giving you the key to success. I'm showing you how to be successful in whatever it is that you're doing, and how you, I hope that you guys at some point will see things like I see them. Don't be those weak sheep that are just following the herd and doing whatever it is that they're, you know, their lonely lives, and they will. Die, miserable? Don't be one of those guys. Open up your eyes, be happy, enjoy your life, be the winner, go against the system, make the gains just like the wheels are doing. Have a nice one, thank you for watching.