*** Live Stream 05-10-2025 Trump Pumping Crypto ! ***

00:01:23
Welcome, welcome, retail fam, retail fam, good morning GTC, Game Trading Crypto! Welcome you guys, can hear me, whoa, why can I, why can't I see my profile pic, what's going on, what's going on? Can you guys hear me in the chat, please in the chat? Oh, there it is, I can see my sound is working, thank you, thank you, retail fam! Welcome, good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone! It's an early live stream, but you know, I just couldn't wait, I needed to get in, I need to show you guys uh what's going on where the money is flowing, why it's flowing, where it's flowing, financial market, altcoins, a lot of altcoins today, it's all about altcoins, altcoins, so Basically, it's you know the money is now flowing and flowing very hard so first of all guys I'm gonna be a little bit harder you guys Why are you going to be hard on us?

00:02:20
What did we do to you? Nothing. You guys did nothing wrong. I'm going to be hard on you guys for your own interest. So I'm going to push you guys a little bit on this live stream. I'm going to push you in the right direction. I'm going to push you on how you're going to make money. So I think, you know, decades ago. Decades ago, there was only one guy that was not in trading. It wasn't something else in my life. He has been pushing me to the limits. And I hated the guy. I just hated him. And, you know, but he kept being so hard on me. But, you know, that same person, you know, you cannot imagine how much I love that person.

00:03:04
You know, because this is something many don't seem to want to understand. The one that will be the hardest on you, the one that is pushing you the hardest. The only thing that you need to understand is as long as that person is a good person and he wants the best for you, when he's pushing you, at that moment you might feel like, okay, this guy is killing me. I hate him. But that's the guy that you need to love. And that's the guy that you will appreciate by time. That's the guy that you will be thankful for, or for the rest of your life. Because you have to see it like this, guys. The people that are just always just, you know, it's okay, it's okay, no problem.

00:03:50
This is always nice to you, always, you know. These kind of people, there are only two things. They're either out there to scam, wreck, destroy you. So that's number one. Or those people are, you know. They, they just don't know better, you know. You can see them like mother figures, you know. It will be okay, you will be fine, you'll be fine, and you're just going down, down, down, down, you know. And you know it's like the moms in the world, you know. They always are very sensitive you know to their children, and you know either though that they should be harder; they don't do it. You need push, push, push, push, hard, hard, hard, hard, because that's what's gonna give you that winner's mentality.

00:04:33
And we're gonna talk about that today, so I'm gonna explain you guys exactly. This will happen when we reach the altcoin section, and that's where... I'll be talking about that one, so also very important, guys. Uh, for the ones, and I want to you know; I'm gonna address this, you know. I'm gonna make it very clear for the ones that are in this live stream and trading on... I don't know, q coin on Bybit, on Binance, whatever. They're trading. Let's keep in mind that there's something new coming up, and uh, there's something new that will come up. You have to be trading on BTNX or Blowfee so keep this in mind, or on Prime by the way, so Blowfin, BTNX, Prime. So you have to keep in mind that you're trading.

00:05:16
Make sure that you fill in the form at GTC Insider with your UID so we can, uh, so we can uh so we can uh make sure that you will be added to what is coming, because the free private group will disappear by the way; it will be cancelled, and we're gonna open up a new group in a whole nother style, and well, it will happen very soon. So just make sure, guys, that you fill in the form. Also, I want to say, RetailFam, I want you guys to be very careful with people, if people will DM you. So even though it's just saying, listen, there are a lot of accounts out there, you know, there are RetailFam, you know, RetailFam this, hashtag RetailFam that. Okay, that's great.

00:06:01
Because we're growing and we're growing super fast past weeks. It's a little bit too fast in my opinion, but we're growing super fast, but there is a reason for that. But at the same time, you have to be very, very careful because just keep in mind that the only accounts that, you know, that you can fully 100% trust is either is M Willkiller. First of all, that's my check account. So you DM me personally and you got GTC Insider. So a GTC Insider. If anyone asks you for money or whatever, that's a red flag, so keep this in mind, keep it in mind and you know, I just don't, you know, there are some people, it's just what it is, it happens everywhere by the way, guys.

00:06:51
But it's when they're interacting with me or with GTC inside and they got these people, they come in between, and then they start, you know, uh, you know, I invented the wheel again, and why don't you come join me? Why don't you go join them? Everyone must do as he likes, but for me personally, I can only say this: if they will scam you, if they will hack you, if they will destroy you, it's not on my plate. So I warned you. The only account that you can trust is my account and KTC Insider. That's the only account that you can trust. If you're seeing someone, why don't you do this? Be my guest, do whatever, do it on your own responsibility. Don't blame me after it if some scam happens.

00:07:38
Because already there have been several retail fan members scammed, but it's their own fault because they think, oh, this is a pretty nice guy. Yes, yes, he has been with MW a long time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He showed me the way. And then, bam, they got scammed. I'm telling and repeating myself, guys, in a world of finance, in a world where money is involved, you cannot find good people. People are greedy and people will, for, you know, for a thousand bucks, he will destroy you. it's just what unfortunately this is how it is so the best thing that you can do is protect yourself you know if you're chatting with each other whatever that's great that's no problem but don't just don't don't don't go don't don't do stupid things i've seen many people fall for this crap so let me start off uh i hope that this was all clear So let me start.

00:08:40
What do we got? We got Pedro. We got Zaganu. We got a lot of letters. Good morning. Zubark. We got Armonia. We got Kirk. We got Johnny Bravo. Straight up. DevRack. By the way, the guy with the Korean or Taiwanese letters, tell us your name, please, so we can call you something. Michael Volba. DevBrief. We got ModDoc. We got Lars. We got Mark. We got CryptoFiori. Here. Nicholas, Walid, Andrea, Geth, Fi, we got Meticia, we got the D., Carlo, is this Bob? The Walid, those are Peter, Sam, Marissa, we got Brecken, Peter, I forgot to say that we're going live. I need to do that. Leem, we got Bob John Doe, Maltexis. We got Fi, we got Salman Rashid. Good morning, Rita. Okay, thank you so much. Learned something today.

00:09:49
We got Mr. Mama in the house. We got Fort Jerry. What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? Daniel Francis. We got Stacy. Alpiman. Jan. What is this? Margarita. T-Blue. Yes. Silva. Nicholas. Amir Zaidi. Amir Zaidi, beautiful name. Alpiman. Okay, guys. No music today, guys. Because I just, I think, yeah, it's just, it's just, we need to, we need to do our thing. We need to do our thing. It's that simple. So no music. Why no music and W? Because we need to do our thing. We need to kill it today. And that's what's going to happen. I know we're going to kill it. So be prepared. Oh, I needed to post that when I'm live.

00:10:52
It's boring when you're making money every day. It's really boring, you know? Oh, you know what I'm writing? We are boring. Because we are live, not boring. That's when I do two things at the same time-we are live now, now, now because a lot of people are not getting the notifications, so that's why I need to post this also yeah okay, so great, so I did that, okay! So first, I want to show you guys this: what is this? This is the USDT dominance chart. So we broke through, you know I showed you that we were heading into parish well. So, this is happening. By the way, let me give you guys a little bit of info about what's going on before the governor.

00:11:37
I need to show you guys this before we're going to talk about this for a moment. Listen, guys, first I want to say is we had this. We had Trump talking to Mr. Z. We had the ceasefire on Pakistan and India. We're having Putin go into peace talks with. With Ukraine, I think it's on Thursday, so we're getting some bullish signs in the world; it's Trump basically, that is, Trump is really pushing over here for you know more peace instead of wars, so uh great uh, so that's something we should be super, super happy about because we had them president before this that you know the whole world was burning and they just don't care. They just don't care. Okay, well, whatever. Nobody. But at least I'm seeing Trump.

00:12:34
I'm really seeing him trying, trying to get a little bit of, you know, logic piece in the world. So these are some bullish signs. These are some bullish signs for the financial markets also because financial markets, they love this. So what we also got, we got Trump saying, listen, guys, just go out there and buy a lot of stocks. I don't agree with that thing that he said. I don't even know if he's allowed to say that, but I think he is. So otherwise, he wouldn't say it. But I think that this is pushing the markets even higher than I expected. So because my expectations were while I was out of the markets, I think over here. Over here is when I sold like 85% of my portfolio that I bought in over here.

00:13:25
So my investment portfolio. I should have held it longer. So it's what I bought in over here. I took profits too early. But the thing is, I didn't know what Trump was going to do. So this is something I couldn't anticipate. So at this moment, it's really Trump pushing the markets up. And, you know, that sucks. That sucks. But, but, but that's my investing portfolio. That's 20%. 80% is trading portfolio. And there I'm killing it like. I'm always killing it. You guys know that already by me. So, what's going on there? Why is this thing not pushing? It's very strange. Let's see, let's see, let's see. So I couldn't, this, I didn't, you know, it's, you know, I don't know. I cannot, I cannot, you know, I can read charts.

00:14:17
I can read markets. What I can't read is what Trump is going to do. So, Trump, you know. Yes, you know, and then you know, I think it's not uh the last Monday, but the Monday before, I told you guys also that I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto, I don't know if you guys remember the live stream, you know it was very shocking to a lot of people when I told you I think that crypto will pump like crazy, I think that a lot of money will go into crypto the coming uh coming days, weeks actually since I made that vid since I shared that, crypto never looked back,

00:14:53
so it just ramped up like crazy, but you know now what's next, so it's a bit scary with Trumpy uh really pushing the markets up because I know what Trump does, it's basically what he's doing is the same like he did in January, what he's doing is you know he says something super bullish and then when he says something super bullish um he needs to he needs to deliver. I saw a post from another one. He told me, well, soon you'll need Trump 24-7 on Twitter to keep keeping the momentum up, because at the moment that he will silence, markets could dump very hard. So this is super unhealthy. But I think that we're seeing the same scenario like we saw in January, because what Trump is doing is he's forcing a bump up, but the dump will be bigger.

00:15:48
The dump will be bigger after it. So it's, you know, financial marks, you just need to leave them alone. Let them do their thing just organically and do it just like, because when you start forcing things, then. it will get super, super volatile. And now we've got like, you know, you've got this in July, you've got the holding back and these tariffs and et cetera. But, you know, I don't want to talk too much about these tariffs or whatever is going on with that. I want to focus on the chart. So for me now, the next level that I'm eyeing, because I also shared with you guys, I shared with you guys about the short ETF. And the short ETF will come. But you guys need to understand that the short ETF needs to be the timing.

00:16:31
So I need to time it right, so I'm building my list, I'm building my list and it's coming and it's coming, it's coming. But I really need, I need the markets to push a little bit high. We're going to talk about it in a moment, so I need the markets to push it a little bit higher. Um, that's when I start filling those bags. So for now, uh, this is the level I'm buying. By the way, guys, did you see that gap? You see that gap? Look at this gap. Look at this and put another one hour. You see this and note another one hour. You see this? This is the gap. How we opened. So people are very bullish about the fact that we got a ceasefire, for now, and we also got uh, Trump talking with China.

00:17:20
Look at this, the weekend people are super bullish on all the news. But for now, I have to respect my lines over here. My lines are over here. So this is uh, also by the way, uh, the indicator is getting tested on the weekly. You see seeing this so this is also a very crucial uh moment now because if we would if we would just respect the indicator it would mean that we came down to our target over here now we're back at the indicator. So this basically is just a bearish retest for a second dump down. This is just, you know, just like you have been seeing over here. So let me get a clean chart. Yes, let me get a clean chart. Let me remove this.

00:18:07
So this is, by the way, on the macro, guys. Don't give it too much. Don't give it too much. So basically, this on the Indy, up. On the Indy, up. On the indie up on the indie up on the indie and here we broke down we reach our target over here and now we're testing the indicator again on the weekly we're testing it over here so this would be a bearish retest this just pure on ta my ta, we should make another low from here. This is if you would really respect the indicator on the high terms. But you have to keep in mind that today is Monday. So this thing could go up even more over here and still close the body below the indicator. So this thing is only valid at Friday's close.

00:19:11
Then you can see, okay, wait a minute. Did we close above it? Because you can get a spike up to all-time high, or maybe even more than all-time high. You can get a spike, but it's about to close. How is it going to close? If it closes below the Indy, that's bearish. That's bearish, and this is the better retest will be in place, and then there we go. But this is something, on Monday, it's too early to talk about that. So now it's just, you have to just respect that one and wait for this next level, this box. 58. So let's test it. Let me take you to DEX. DEX is really, I've been eyeing DEX. And as you guys can see on this chart, I'm analyzing DEX as no other chart, to be honest.

00:19:55
I'm going to be super honest with you guys. There is really no chart that I'm analyzing more than the DEX. Because why? I think that the DEX is the number one Ponzi bubble. Asset out there so it's assets, but look at this so this thing also opened up so I'm really targeting this level over here so this 24k level if it will reach I don't know if it will reach but if it will reach I'm targeting this level I'm targeting this level so this is also because this DEX uh DEX is really going uh it's really doing some strange this thing I was eyeing it on the weekly look at this on the weekly

00:20:42
guys, look at this one two three four five five five five candles just from almost the bottom to top without any any retracement they get them okay but under what we had this one also but if you would measure this one so over here we had one two three four five six so this was but this was this was a 13 Then we had this red one. So let me take you to the top. So this was 17%. Guys, this is one of the biggest rises ever for the DAX. Already 26%, guys. We haven't seen this. We haven't seen this because if you would measure, look at this. If you would measure this one, this was 15%. If you would measure this one, this is 23%, this rise over here.

00:21:39
Let me measure. This was a big one. This was a big one, but this was way to retrace, but this was 62%, but you have to measure this one. So this was the closest you can get, but this was after a big dump of the Corona crash. So we didn't have this crash because this dump, this one is not this one. This was a big crash. So you cannot calculate this movement over here. So when you go back, you keep going back and what I'm seeing is you know I haven't seen uh, it was I think in 2015 that there was one I was eyeing it in 2015, I was eyeing but listen guys, my you know I'm I'm I'm analyzing this Dex more than the US 500 at this moment uh, because I think that you know some life-changing money could come out of this so keep in mind especially for the high volume traders uh, link three, there is my Prime

00:22:34
XBT link, open up an account and just wait for me, wait for me, let's open an account on Prime XBT and wait. By the way, when you open up an account on XBT, please do uh share, share your UID on GTC inside the show or DM your UID of of of of GTC inside, it's the fastest way. But this is something I'm really eyeing for the coming days so also was looking a little bit at China where this China thing because this is the chart that I'm you know like I'm super bearish on the US 500 on the decks, I'm super bullish on on China, the China 50, I'm really, really, super bullish on this one, so I was eyeing it on the you know on on a monthly look at this.

00:23:22
Guys, so we had this bearish, bearish, bearish above it and now we're holding the line over here, so I will share a lot about this. By the way, a lot of Chinese stocks that I'm very, very bullish on. So, yeah, just wait for it. So then let's go DXY. DXY is really doing whatever it is that it's doing over here. It's holding the line or whatever, you know, so it's under one buck again. We had this rise, but, you know, we're heading into resistance also on the DXY. VIXY, VIXY is, look at VIXY, guys. You know, I've said enough about VIX. By the way, for the ones that want to trade VIX, also for the high volume traders, be ready. We're going to trade a lot of VIX together with Beverly Hills, but then a little bit better.

00:24:14
Be ready for VIX, you guys. But look where we are at VIX, you guys. Look, this was, you know, it's really pathetic. This was, you know, the tariffs war and this and that, the whole comedy show of Trump. It’s whether we're back we’re back we’re back we’re back so it’s you know it’s all a lot of air you know it’s this is exactly why you know this is exactly why I keep telling you guys listen this when you see this like Kobayashi leather etc you see all 700 billion have been wiped out of the markets. Five billion have been wiped out of the stock markets. Three billion have been wiped out of the stock markets. Guys, it's nothing. It's nothing. It's just nothing.

00:25:07
It's just a lot of show. So the VIX here, just like we had this spike up, but this one was even worse, by the way, this one. But you have to keep in mind that we're back. We're back. You know, because up, up, up, up, up, so now we're back. It's just like the USA coin. So could this thing dump even further to the 18, 19 level? For sure. For sure it could. But we are. So you have to see it like this, guys. And I want you guys, this is the part where I'm going to be a little bit hard on you guys. I'm going to be a little bit hard on you guys. This is all I want to say. This is why you be bullish on the markets.

00:25:49
This is why you're bullish on the markets. This is why you could be bullish on the markets. Not over here. I keep repeating myself because I've said this like a zillion times already past years. But at some point, people just don't seem to understand. You know why? Let me tell you why. Because people, it's just how people's minds work, guys. I'm going to explain it very quickly. This is how people's minds are, especially for the beginners course. We're going to schedule them, I think, this week. So the beginner's course is going to start, and I'm going to talk about this a lot. But this is just how the human – I don't care if you think that you're a good trader or you think that you master this or you master that, whatever.

00:26:38
Listen to what I'm going to say now. This is – it doesn't matter how good you are, but this is how the healthy – Human mind works. And the human emotion works. And how does it work? It works like this. When markets go up, markets go up like this. People think that it can never go down again. When markets go down, when markets go down, people think, 'It can never go up again.' While the reality is the opposite. Because if you would check any chart, now don't go to some shit coin that died, but any normal chart, every chart, doesn't matter what chart, especially the VIX. Look at the VIX. Any chart, when it comes down, after it, after rain comes sunshine, and after sunshine comes rain.

00:27:43
This is how financial markets work. It's just what it is, but the human mind they will over here tell them, you know this will never come down again; I need to buy in, that that's that's, you know, so this thing and then you know this thing dumped so hard, you know, over here. Oh, this thing will never come up; I need to show this, and then you see, pop goes up, this is, you know. We have this is for your, for your, for your; you have to, you have to let me show you the fix; let me show you this; let me show you this. I already, I still it's over here; look at this, look at this.

00:28:25
So it comes up down, up down, up down, up down, up and then extreme up, down, so every time because you have to understand that when this thing reached this level, this is the same moment when the sentiment if you're watching CNN, you're watching Bloomberg; if you're watching Twitter, if you're watching YouTube, the sentiment is super bearish. Because you have to remember so if I when I'm yelling like guys I'm buying, I'm buying, I'm buying; you have to know that 90 or 99 maybe. Even more is bearish; it doesn't matter who it is, they're all bearish, no, that's why I'm bullish. Because it's super simple for me when, you know, things go up and then they go down. So now we are at these regions over here. So what does that mean?

00:29:24
What does that tell you? So this move already happened. Is this suddenly where you're going to become bullish? No. This is where you have to be bullish. When I was buying, when the box hit, you remember? When this one hit. When this one hit. When the box I don't know where the box is. Yeah, when this one hit, this was when I told you, okay, I'm buying. But now we didn't even reach this level, so we can we can reach these levels. By the way, I'm not saying that, but we are, we are like we did, like I think 60, 70, 80 of the move already happened, so is this suddenly where you're gonna become bullish? Not me, I'm not.

00:30:05
I know that there are some opportunities; I think that this thing could come down and there's still some more air in the bottle to make much more gains and we will make them, but on a bigger picture, you have to prepare again, prepare for what? Yes, prepare for the big hammer. Yeah, you have to prepare it again, so enough about this. Let me go, let me go, let me go back to this one. So this one, this is the USDT dominance chart, so uh, beautiful. By the way, beautiful up and down, we made it lower, so this is also something I'm eyeing like crazy. Look, you see this is a bullish uptrend, this is a bullish uptrend for crypto, so this is looking really great.

00:30:44
This is on the monthly by the way, guys, on the money, this is a bullish option, but if you know crypto was almost dead after after after Trump did whatever it is he did in January, after we opened up the shortage altcoins were like 90% or 95% down with what more dumps can you expect. But over here when we reach this level this box again, this is the same just like the peaks, we still got a little bit going on, but over here is where you have to Be cautious again, because you might make our next lower high and only this move can make you rich if you short, only this move can make you rich.

00:31:27
But also this move into the box could also make you rich, but we're going to talk about it in a moment so this move up, only this one can make a super rich, shorting because when you short, short guys in shorting you can make so much money, it's incredible because it's easy money. Longing is harder than shorting, by the way, guys for those who know, you know, longing is is more difficult than shorting because why, you have to see it like this when a lot of altcoins when you go long them, basically. What you're doing is You're investing in Ponzi. So there is no team. There is no technology. There is nothing. You're just investing, buying into something that is a Ponzi. So it has no meaning. It shouldn't exist in the first place.

00:32:16
And you're buying, investing in it for it to go up. So this is difficult because you're putting money in something from which you already know. I hope that you know and understand. Then it doesn't mean anything. It's nothing. You're just, you know, you could, you know, if you got a son or you got a dog, your dog Max at home, you know, let's create an altcoin. That's, you know, okay, Max, I'm bullish on Max, and then pum, pum, pum, pum, pum. You're pumping Max because your dog's name is Max. So this is very difficult. I know people, a lot of people, they, you know, although the markets go up on the Ponzi's, they never, ever buy or loan it. Never. They only loan projects like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, et cetera, et cetera.

00:33:06
So XRP, et cetera. They never, ever, ever loan Ponzi schemes or meme coins or whatever. They just don't do it. But what they do, they short the crap out of them at the right time. So this is something that I'm eyeing for now, guys. But we still got a little bit of bullishness left for this thing to come down. So let me go to Paxi. I want to show you guys Paxi also because Paxi has been getting destroyed. By the way, I'm a little bit disappointed, a little bit disappointed that our levels didn't hit over here. But this also gives me more hope for the short ETF. Because this box, we didn't hit it. So, it sucks. You know, I nil a lot of charts. I didn't nil this one.

00:33:56
Let's be clear about that one. I didn't. I nil really a lot of charts. But, you know, I didn't nil this one. So, this thing is, by the way, also dumping pretty hard, guys. This thing is back. A lot of people are super, super bullish on crypto as we speak. And they should be right because. At some point, I like I said in that in a video that I made, I told you, guys, um maybe, maybe, maybe someone should check up that bid, you know, uh it's it's uh you know, gold is too expensive, so why would you buy gold and not crypto? That's why I told you. Also, I think that crypto was the only outcome for a lot of people with a lot of money to to go into, so you know, I'm going to explain it in a moment.

00:34:51
So that's about that. And then we got ETHBTC, by the way, guys. Oh, this monster, guys. Look at this. By the way, also, we didn't. Oh, I missed my target over here. Oh, I hate it. It was one guy; he DMed me. And I'm like, listen, bro, listen, bro. I want to buy you something. I want to, you know, do you want to go on vacation? What do you want? I want to give it to you. I don't need anything. I'm fine. no no i want to give you something you know you changed my life what this this was one of those people that i'm talking about that don't believe in they don't believe

00:35:26
in fiat so they only they own a lot of bitcoin and they just hold all the bitcoin and you know they'll never sell it and the only thing that they can do is because he told me to the mw so i started flipping my bitcoin into eth and he told me i made so much money and he's still making money by the way almost rise up because you know it this was exactly like i told you guys uh well when i shared this i missed my target by the way he told me he flipped 40 by the way of his uh bitcoin to me he told me i was waiting for the remaining 60 over here but you know yeah that's that's trading you cannot you cannot have it all but it's it's exactly you know while people were telling eth is dead it will never go up eat this did papa papa papa papa they're selling eat eat this either now I told you weeks ago, don't believe that crap.

00:36:19
Don't believe that crap. You know, they were telling you to buy ETH at 3K. And they're telling you to be bearish about ETH on 40, what was it? $14,00 or something, it was around there. So they're telling you to be bearish on ETH on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 bucks. And on $3,000 they're telling you to buy. Please wake up. Understand what the agenda is of these people. These people, they're out there to wreck you. That's what they do. So, okay, enough, enough. Did I do Bitcoin, by the way? I didn't do Bitcoin. I'm sorry, guys. I didn't do Bitcoin. So, Bitcoin, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Yeah, you know. In my opinion, it's not Bitcoin doing boom, boom, boom, because Bitcoin, in my opinion, is pathetic.

00:37:17
I really mean it when I say. As long as the stocks are outperforming Bitcoin, Bitcoin should be at $130K, $140K, $150K by now. Easily. Easy peasy. Should be over there. So for me, Bitcoin is still pathetic. Because if you got this one, look at this one. So we have, what is this? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And look at this one, guys. What is it where are you over here let me put it on the weekly look at this one two three four five even six look what it is it's over here guys here it is now you come tell me about Bitcoin come on bro let's be serious let's be serious Bitcoin is just trading like the indexes That's what Bitcoin is. Bitcoin is trading as an index. So, that's why we were so proud about Bitcoin this and Bitcoin that. Bitcoin is trading.

00:38:27
This is so super, super pathetic. I don't know what to say. So yeah, Bitcoins are reaching over here. This is the resistance zone, guys. Like pointed out days ago, so we're now just basically getting rejected from this level and uh let's see, let me see, let me see. So we got the daily indie over here, so they might want to push it but uh I hope that they will push it harder because I want to prepare for the short ETF, so let's see how the markets are going to push today on the news of Trump and then we're gonna talk one moment please why so we're going to talk about a lot of stuff today and it's out-going time, it's out to coin time, it's no time for anything else, it's now only time for Altercoin, Altercoin, Altercoin. So uh this is the part when I'm gonna be a little bit hard for you guys so I'm sorry in advance but I have to do it because it's the only way to make you guys successful at least most of you.

00:39:37
For sure, Trump can push the markets. He can push it high on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Altcoin time. Altcoin time. So let me first of all start with the volume coins. They haven't been released. So you guys are getting the preview. So first of all, this thing. Mew. Mew, mew, mew, mew, mew. Look at this guy. This was exactly what I was telling you. Do you understand now also why I'm always saying, you know, a lot of times you got with the fan members and so on. Mew makes like 80% pump or 70% pump. Then you got these people telling you this. I think that Mew is a good short. Why? One day. What? It bumped 70% in one day. Oh! No. Then I open up my, forget about this one.

00:40:48
This is over here. Then I open up my chart and then I see that, I see that, I see that-Mew is over here, for example. For example. Forget about this one. And then, I'm telling you, you think it might dump hard. Guys, don't short coins at bad information. just don't if you would if you would check all the meme coins that we shorted past in 2024 millionaires were made retail family owners were made we didn't short bottoms guys we shorted tops this is where we shorted also you by the way we shorted over here this is where you can make money i've seen this look this is how you make money this It's how you make money shorting. See this? This is very simple. How do you want to make money shorting over here?

00:41:46
You can make money. I'm not saying that you can't. You can't on the lower time frames. You can make money for sure. But if you are really interested in, you know, like a swing trade. Oh, by the way, talking about swing trades. Big news from my GTC team. They decided to close their monthly trading group. it was a little bit no surprise to me but you know i knew that it was going to happen so they they they they they're going to close their monthly and they're only going uh further with their uh yearly members that's the only thing and you know i'm gonna focus a little bit more on chase trading and on uh on swing trades so a little bit on higher time frames i think That will be also superb.

00:42:32
But, you know, it was sad for the ones that were trading on lower timeframes. So they're going to end that. By the way, I got also a lot of questions. I don't understand why people DM me about the GTC. DM them. Why are you DMing me? Can we join that yearly group? We are interested in the swing trades and this and that. I think they're open to it. I think that if you want to join that yearly group, they will be open. But DM them. Why are you DMing me? So basically, so Mew is showing a lot of power. But now comes the first hard part. I'm not so hard. I'm not so hard. Guys, never, ever, ever short buttons. Just stay away from it. Or focus on the longs.

00:43:18
So Mew is showing some power. It's breaking out over here. A lot of meme points are breaking out, by the way. And while I'm seeing these meme points breaking out, you know. I'm just sitting at my very luxury chair and I'm always having a smile on my face. You know why? Because, yes, we are still going to make millions or thousands or hundreds. It depends on your portfolio. Because I think to myself, the crypto people, because I'm not seeing them as crypto people. For example, let me just give this coin. What is this coin? This is just, just like I explained to you, this is just bullshit. This is just, what is this? This is nothing. This is nothing. This is just nothing. This is just money.

00:44:11
And not even, most of the time, not even real money. It's not even real money. You know, there are a lot of theories about this USDT. You know, basically, is it really money? Because that's the question asked. Because who is checking on Tether or USDC? Who's checking on them? You know, they can create a lot of USDT out of nothing if they wanted to. Who's checking on them? They are saying that they are backing it up with real dollars, but who knows? So they can pump every coin that they want. You know, they can pump, you know. So this is nothing. This is just nothing. There are some theories about, you know, about money laundering. And people call it money. I don't call it money laundering. I have another name for it.

00:45:09
But it's basically the same like the banks are doing. Because the banks do the same thing. Because, you know, governments with money printing, it's the same system. So basically what they're doing in crypto is the same. So your money, your money, your money. So this is the retailer. Your money is real money. This is the real money. When they are pumping up you with not real money, they just use the T, whatever. So when you buy in here and this goes up, they are pushing this up with not real money. But you, your money going in, this is real money that you're putting in. They're putting in just fake money. So when you put in real money, the value of your real money is going up. But, you know, this is the thing with people.

00:46:05
They don't take profits. They don't sell. They think that they're going to the moon. They've got their tricks. I already explained a lot of times how they do that. So what happens is that these people, these wills or scammers or VCs, whoever they are, this fake money, when they sell, they flip their fake money. Into real money, and that's your money, that you are the one, so it's basically just you know, whatever you know, let's pump you up, whatever it doesn't matter, so everyone gets hyped, so I'm interested in you, okay? You go up, you buy it in, so that's real money, your money, because you're working very hard for that money, you put it in, they go up, and then when they dump on you, They flip their fake money into real money.

00:46:58
This goes a little bit deep, but I had to explain it to you guys at some point. I never did it. I did it today. Congrats, guys. Now you know it. So basically, these guys, they make money with no money. So what they do is they make money with no money. They don't have any money, and they're making money. It's crazy. It's madness. But it's just reality. That's just what happens in crypto. That's what happens in crypto. That's why crypto doesn't go to the moon. Crypto does like this: Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Because in this process, this is where they're flipping their fake money into your money. And you have to also keep in mind that a lot of these times, that the That when they sell their coins, like Layer, for example, Better, et cetera, when they sell these coins, a lot of times these people didn't even buy those coins.

00:48:05
You know, I can, if I want, if I want, if I wanted to, I can today get myself billions of tokens, especially for meme coins, if I want it. I can get myself billions and billions and billions of tokens for free. They will all send them to my wallet addresses. And I've got all these meme coins in my wallet address. The only thing that I have to do is shill it to you. That's it. I have to shill it to you. So basically, I've got Mew over here. Because I know it also happened to Mew, by the way. Because I'm getting DMs on a daily basis from these projects. I'm not saying Mew. Similar to these ones. Okay, it's time to start shilling again. Would you want to shill, help us promote Mew, et cetera, et cetera?

00:48:55
Yes, okay. We will send you, I don't know, we'll send you 50K of Mew tokens. They didn't buy those tokens. Those are free tokens. They created them. They created those tokens. So it is no money. It's zero money. So they give me those tokens over here. I start selling them to people. This thing goes up, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And then, you know, over here, I dumped those tokens. So with no money, because the retailer is using his real money on the rise up. And over here, me, tokens, no money. I flipped them into real money. So I'm just, what I'm doing is I'm taking your money. You're giving me your money. You just are giving me your money. I know, I know.

00:49:56
It's pretty depressing when I explain these things. I understand that a lot of people, they come into crypto, they think that, you know, oh my God, I'm going to buy this project. It's going to make me a thousand. I'm going to be super filthy rich. You can get rich, but not this way. You have to get rich by outsmarting these people. You have to understand how the game is played. You have to understand what's happening behind the scenes. You have to understand, you know, I can make millions of dollars by shilling coins. I will never do that even if they would offer me billions or trillions. I will never do it. Because why? Because I'm the biggest enemy of greed. There is no money in the world that would make me wreck even if it's one person from the retail family.

00:50:39
There is no money in the world that will make me do that. But you have to understand that I'm a special guy. But 90% of the other people that you know, also on YouTube, on Twitter, they don't care. They don't care. And they see, okay, this meme was going to pump. We're going to give you like 100K of those tokens and you just start shilling them. You will not hesitate. You will do it in an eye blink. And I think that not only these influencers, I think that 90% of people in the world would do it. It's just how it is. Maybe you guys, maybe 99% of you guys would do it. I don't know. It could be.

00:51:27
There aren't a lot of people in the world that are strong and have, you know, principles and, you know, no money in the world can change, you know. It's just like I always tell you guys, you know, something that I don't want for myself, I also don't want for anyone else. That's the rule and the code that I live by. That's simple. Something that I wouldn't want anyone to wreck me. So I'll also not wreck you. So anything I don't want for myself, I don't want it for anyone else. So, okay. So enough about this. I hope, I hope that you guys a little bit. Now comes the fact. Okay. We all know that this is Bond's. We all know how they're making money. How are we going to make money?

00:52:11
That's the good question. That's the good question. That's the question I was looking for. And this is how you're going to make money. You have to always, when you're trading, you have to always keep in mind: okay, I'm longing now this nonsense. I'm just longing it to increase my portfolio, to make money. That's all it is. I don't give a crap about mu, pu, k, z, x. It doesn't matter. I'm only out here to make money, so that's what I want you to focus on, so while you're trading and you're seeing your gains going up, I want you to focus only on okay, I have to close those games; I have to secure profits; I have to follow it up. I've got my indie, my best friend, he'll show me the way, so let's see how the indie has been.

00:52:51
I haven't been checking on it by the way. But let's see. This is exactly what I've been warning you about and telling you about also in the weekend while you guys are trading. I told you, listen, guys, what you have to do is you have to use the MW indicator on the 15 minutes and on the 5 minutes because it will blow your mind. Well, this is an example how your mind gets blown. Because why? These same people that are trying to ramp up all these altcoins. This is what they do. The MW indicator on a five minute, a 50 minute will make you filthy rich. And now you can tell me, but MW, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You have to just freaking listen.

00:53:28
You have to listen. When I say something on Twitter, you listen. Don't let your emotions, don't let your greed, don't let your thoughts, don't let your wife, don't let your girlfriend, don't let your boyfriend, don't let them distract you from what is going to make you successful in trading. When I tell you to listen, just listen. So if the indicator shows you, okay, boom, boom, boom, we're going up, you just follow the damn thing. You just follow the damn thing, don't think about it. So what you do is you start with the one hour. You start with the one hour, you look at this thing. And then, by the way, guys, how to catch this, you have to follow the volume coins. So not all the coins will do something like this.

00:54:06
You have to follow the volume coins. You have to know where the money is flowing. So, for example, if Mew has got, I don't know, a market cap of 100 million and the volume is 80 million or 200 million, 150, then you know this could happen. Because a lot of people, but MW, but we don't know it. No, exactly. You don't know it. That's why we have GTC Insider. That's why we're sharing this article. That's why I'm making these live streams. That's why you're here with us at this moment as we speak. Because look at this. Look at this. Look at this. I know that this, you see this, you see this. I think, without even checking it, I haven't checked it, but I think that this rise, I think that the five-minute indicator has been causing this rise.

00:54:47
I didn't even, you know, I don't, I swear I didn't check it. Let's put it on. You see, it's, I swear to you guys, I didn't check this. I just, you know, look at this. So even while this thing, while this thing, while this thing, you have to see it like this. Even while this thing has been making this rise up, it could go much higher. I have to trust the damn indicator because this move up, guys, you know, you have to see it like this. This move up from here to here. This is a 5%. This is a lot of money while you're trading. This is a lot of money while you're trading. Just look at this. It came down, up, returns up.

00:55:33
And especially when you see this, when you see this thing getting below it, but they hold it above the Indy, and most of the time, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And it can even, when you put it on the 50 minutes, look at the 50 minutes. Above it, confirmation and this, this was that same spike that I'm explaining you guys about, so it goes below it, you think oh it's going down, it's going down, no only you need to wait for the candle close the candle close above it, retest it and off she went, and then over here, this is on the 50 minute, over here, the five minutes will take over, this is the bullish, this is how bullish this thing, okay we're up five minutes, Let me go to the next one.

00:56:22
So that's mu. Let me go to the next one. What is this? Nil. I really have no clue what this nil is, by the way. I really have no clue what this nil is. Does anyone know what nil is? I don't know. But there is. Oh. Okay. This one needs a little bit. A little bit of. I want to check this. This is a nil. What is nil? What is nil? Never heard of this. Nillion. A nillion. Nillion, and this is Nillion. Bienvenue à Nillion, Nillion, Nillion, Nillion, Nillion. Nillion is a blind computer, private store, AI, oh my God. Guys, let me be super honest with you guys. I'm done with this AI. You know, this AI bubble, and I want you guys, every one of you guys, all these AI projects, be very careful with it.

00:57:20
I think that AI is, you know, AI, we top-topped. It's done. Only thing that we're seeing now with AI is we are seeing this bearish, you know, bearish. I think that, you know, AI, okay, we've got AI, we've got DeepSeq, we've got them all. Okay, done. We have this technology here. Now let's wait for the next technology. Let's wait how they're going to make AI better, whatever, or something else. Because a lot of people, they're still in this AI, AI, AI. Listen, AI is done. We topped out. So everyone that has got AI has got AI on his phone. You've got JetGPT, DeepSea, whatever. That's it. I don't see a lot of AI. And this crypto AI, this is also something AI. NIL is a native utility of the network that is used for network fee, whatever, stake, insecure, governance. It's, you know. I think that these projects, what they basically do is they just copy-paste and they put some description. Okay, this is what we do. Yes, let's go and let's pump our, please pump our coin. So we can get filthy rich and you can get super poor. So Nil. Nil is a possible short ETF coin.

00:58:39
not now, just wait for it, wait for it, wait for it, so let's see, uh, there's a lot of volume going on over here, guys, so this thing is for now just holding the five-minute indicators, it's the same just like I was explaining, so let me go to the next, oh, the list of the short ETF will be great by the way, but why was I telling you about short ETF? You have to keep in mind that short ETF will be coins that are looking like this and not looking like this, Mu will never be on a short ETF. You have to understand that. This is not short ETF. Or if Mu would be tomorrow over here, that changes everything. But this is not, you will not find a coin that looks like this on a short ETF. To understand, guys.

00:59:37
okay so let me go to the next so nil keep now nil tutorial let's see what is this tutorial what is this tutorial what is this what is this you know you're gonna see a lot of points coming out of nowhere everyone whatever So basically, so basically, tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut

01:00:16
tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut tut

01:00:37
uh not looking so bad it's so bad it's so bad it's so bad so at this pump back to the indicator four hour now it's ramping up keep an eye on this keep an eye on this but guys a lot of volume it has a market gap of 27 million with a volume of almost 100 million so this is uh oh my god please don't tell me Tutoro is an AI-powered educational tool designed to help people learn about blockchain, cryptocurrencies, especially the BNB chain. Oh, BNB chain. I was over CCs behind this one. Even more bullish. The first product, Tutoro Agent, is a smart tutorial that uses artificial intelligence to break down complex topics like, you know, setting up a crypto wallet, trading on decentralized exchanges, or even writing smart contracts into byte size.

01:01:26
Easy to understand. So basically, so everyone can you know everyone can write his own smart contract platform so i'm sorry charles but you suck i'm sorry vitalik but you suck so all your ecosystems we can just build the same ones using ai so i'm sorry i'm just sorry guys so this is again ai crap so ai crap ai crap a little bit with binance not sorry not minus with binance No? How did she say it? Binance. Yeah. So this is a little bit supported by Binance. So if you want to make money by Binance, this is one of those coins. Oh, so sick of this. So if you want to make money with the Binance, you can make money with Binance. This is bananas. So keep an eye on this one, guys.

01:02:28
There's a huge volume going on over here. So this is one of those coins. Use it on the five minutes or on the 15 minutes, and you might hit that next spike. Yep. So let me go to the next. Casper. Casper. Casper. So Casper. Monsieur Casper. Look at this. This is old. So, oh, this chart is really old, by the way, guys. So we had this run up so Casper, you know a lot of you guys don't know this story but Casper, they asked me to do a vid about Casper not paid, not shield, it was not from Casper itself, it was from a read of a member that has been with me for a long time, he killed my balls about it and w would you please do a vid about Casper?

01:03:20
Are you sure you want me to do that? And I know that this read of a member, there were some people from Casper, Casper behind him. And they were pushing him through this read of a member for me to do it. So I told him, listen, I'm going to do it. But you know me. Okay. Are you sure you want me to do that? Yes. He told me. So I did that. I told, I just told you, okay, guys, this was over here. I think somewhere. Okay. I'm going to do this. While I did that. Guys, this thing will dump so hard you can't even imagine. Oh, let's just say they regretted the day that they asked me to do a bit about that coin, that's just what it is.

01:04:03
I'm going to tell you how I think I'm going to give you an honest opinion that I had: I told you, listen guys, I think this thing will dump down well, it did dump down, so uh, but also a lot of um, a lot of uh volume going on on this one, so yeah, keep an eye on this one. Also, volume mask mask had that big dump, I know it was a delay, so you don't know what it was, but this dump was really madness, but look at this, look so mask, so this is beautiful, just when you think it's going to zero it pops up, so uh, keep an eye on mask also, a lot of volume going on, a mask, uh vida, this is, uh, Solana domain, whatever.

01:04:44
Keep an eye on this one; this one is very interesting, on the this one is very interesting on the this one is pretty interesting, I think, I think, I think, yeah, je pense, je pense, je pense, yes. It's looking good, guys. This is, by the way, guys, this is Solana related. Bonvida is known as a top infrastructure developer on Solana to allocate the accolade, whatever. Okay, okay, okay. So keep an eye on this one. There's a lot of horn going on. So I don't know, you guys tell me. Look, look, look, see, look, see. and w listen mw i'm liking this bonvida you know i'm liking it you know i'm just liking it so

01:05:48
i want to trade it yes yes and how are you going to do it i'm going to put the indicator i'm going to buy here or i'm going to buy here i'm going to buy here or maybe even i'm going to buy it so it's holding the indicators i'm going to make another money you know to be honest i really don't care about bovie then i also don't care about solana i just want to make money yes yeah you're right that's what you should do And this is exactly also what I've been explaining you in the weekend. Use the five or 50 minutes and just make money. So let me go to the next. Next, this is one of our long ETFs. Beautiful. Look at this. What a beauty.

01:06:33
Beautiful. Beautiful. Look at these big dumps, guys. Do you understand why I would put a coin like this on my long ETF? It's that simple. That's why. Look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. So basically, so next level of serious resistance is over here, in my opinion. So I think that AXL, I think there's still some, you know. Still got some you know but it's this AI AI AI AI and I think that AI is just going for the parish retest so there will there will be some AI-related coins my shorty Df just be sure about that one but let's see guys it's the same story 15 minutes in out in out boom in boom in there she goes again. You got this coin, this wallet, or I don't know what it is.

01:07:29
VCT, VCT, VCT. Oh, VCT Wallet Connect. Oh, VCT. Please don't tell me you're going to be one of those. VCT, VCT. You're not a child of VCT. I need to check this VCT, VCT. It's Wallet Connect, whatever, Wallet Connect, Wallet Connect. They've got some more history. Let's see. CoinX. Mm-hmm. So this is a pretty new project. This is on CoinX. Looks a little bit different. What is this? Wallet Connect. We need to check on this, guys. We need to check on this Wallet Connect. A lot of volume going on over here, so we might make some big money on this one. Wallet Connect. Wallet Connect. Wallet Connect, yes. Wallet Connect. Let's see what it is, guys. Let's talk about it. The Wallet Connect network is an on-chain UX ecosystem, powering one-on-one connections for over 200 users.

01:08:45
Of course, all changes over this underline network; you see how boring this is. I'm getting sleepy while I'm reading this, so all of that token is integral the new future and this wallet this wallet that you've got, like a we've got a zillion wallets! What we need is money; we don't need wallets, we need money to fill those wallets. Do you guys agree with me or do you think not now? I'm working on this WCT wallet, you know. Although we've got a billion wallets already, but you know this is bullish for the marks because we have a new wallet over here so this could also be one of those uh short ETF coins, guys – you know.

01:09:34
The list will be shared by the way on Patreon and on the Telegram group, and in the free private So the list will get shared when I'm going to do it. I'm not going to share it on Twitter, by the way. So the list will be shared after it, after it, then I'll share it on Twitter maybe. But look at this, look at this guy! If this, you know, if these levels will get hit, you know, I'm going to get super hungry. I'm going to get super hungry. You know, they don't eat, they don't eat. But for now, so let me put on a 15-minute timer. Let's see how it's looking. Because it's, oh, it's testing now. It's testing.

01:10:10
It's testing now, look at this, look at this, boom, okay, so let me go to this one also, act, act is acting, all these BS coins. Look at this, by the way, guys, oh wait a minute, you know, you see this, wait a minute. Let me show you guys to mix, listen, I want every single one of you guys in this live stream to be rich, filthy rich, that's what I want, I want you to be rich because I'm showing you, I'm gonna show you how to get rich so let's look at this, look at this for example. Let me give you an example, let me give you an example, an example. So we've got this BS act, whatever.

01:11:05
Why? Why? Why? Now, this is not the act. This is the wrong one. I'm sorry. Okay, we still got hope. We still got hope. This act. There's another act. This is the one. This is, yes, this is. Listen, guys. So, if you want to trade with Indy, I think this is one of the best choices because why? This, I love when I see this. So what we're seeing over here is we're seeing this thing just was Detroit. By the way, we shorted this for those who remember. Yes, that's how good we are. I'm sorry, I cannot help myself. We're just the best traders on the website. I'm sorry. You know, you can disagree to disagree, you know, whatever. No, I don't care. Just go to my Twitter feed and you'll find all the facts there.

01:11:50
But listen, listen, guys, listen. This is, this is one of those exams I want to show you guys. So for example, you put on a line over here. Okay. This was a dump. There's nothing over here. This was just dump. So what does this mean? When this dump happened over here, this dump, there is nothing. Nothing happened over here. Nothing happened over here after this dump. So after this dump, we've got some price action over here. So what does this mean? This means that this is empty space. There's empty space over here. While there is empty space over there, it means that this thing could rocket up. I'm not saying that it will 100%, but it could. It could rock it up. Because it's the same on the dump, it's the same on the pump.

01:12:37
So this thing, look at this, look at this indicator. Look at the indicator. Listen like I'm explaining you. Brick up, come down, hold the support, flip resistance into support. Over here, same story over here. And over here, now it's trying to break out. We don't have any confirmation yet. It needs to close the body above the Indy. But this is because this move only up from here to here. This is a double. Double. You double your money. Money. You understand? Money. There is money. Money. Money. You double your money. I'm going to make French live streams, by the way, and YouTube videos for the French people very soon. So my French sucks even more than my English, but whatever. It's about, you know, I think that the French will understand, you know, you know, you know, you know.

01:13:44
I think that they do understand that one. They all understand the language of money. But this is one of those coins, guys. So look at this. Look at this. Look at this beauty. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Look at this. Look at this. So you're just surfing over here. Surf, surf, surf, surf. Up, up, down, out. Okay, we're going to wait. You could even show this. Okay, we're in again. By the way, guys, don't focus on 10 coins, 20 coins, 30 coins. Just focus on three, four, five coins max. That's all you need. You got to catch all the coins. You got to buy all the coins. And at the end of the road, it's the same. If you got like a 100K portfolio and you got to buy 50 coins, on average, they go up 20%.

01:14:29
Or you just bought three coins, especially the ones that MW is pointing out with a lot of volume. And then you got to make. I want to make 50%. No need. And don't get distracted by, you know, you have to isolate yourself. So when you're focused, when you're trading, when you're making money, you just have a plan. You go sit. Okay, wait a minute. Where are the volume points? Oh, there they are. Okay, that's GC Insider. Thank you. You got to put them on your charts. You got to put them on your indicator. Max three, four. You got to put them. Maybe you can even put them like this, you know. Okay, I'm going to trade these three points. I'm going to put the indicator on them.

01:15:03
I'm going to check it out like this. There we go! Yes, in our profits, secure profits higher up, stop loss. Let's go, let's go! This thing is popping so hard, let's go, higher up, higher up! Just this is what I want, you this is how you're gonna get rich, so just listen, okay? So look at this: three months' candle, three monthly candle on the VIX, by the way guys. Look at this! But listen, guys, listen. Okay, so let me go back, let me go back, let me go back. These are ones, you know? These are ones. You have to be checking, keep an eye, put your alarms on it. I'm telling you this, you know. I would love this thing to come back to the one-hour indie, by the way.

01:15:56
But, you know, there's so much FOMO going on at this point. Coins are not retracing. They're just not retracing. So let me go to the next, by the way, guys. So we got Pandix. Pundix lost a little bit of momentum, but the volume is getting in again. So I don't know what's going on with this Pundix and this Pundi AI. And everything AI related is out of the sudden bullish again. Whatever. So we've got this Vine, by the way. This is a meme coin. Elon Musk likes to chill this. Pump and dump coin as you guys can see, this is a pretty big retrace back down so just trade it, trade it because you know it could reverse and look at the four-hour-oh my god, look at this!

01:16:37
So out of nothing you can see there again, you know that's how fast it goes. This is a double, guy, you just double your money, so keep an eye put on the indicator, guys. You don't have to listen for now, this is better. You need to get above it. But listen, guys, you don't have to worry about the short ETF or whatever. That's my job. Now I'll wait. For now, you just trade the indicator. That's all you have to do. Now we've got this Mubarak. So Mr. CZ is really whatever it is. It's a joke. But do you see this candle up? This is exactly what I'm explaining-there's nothing happening. It's just one big dump. My God, when I see those charts, you know I got a little bit sick and then we got this ETH5, yeah, you know Ethereum, and you know we got this ETH5, a lot of volume, look at this, look at this, look at this, so whatever there's a lot of volume going on on this on this coin.

01:17:31
Also by the way, a goat, God, you remember Goat Guys, look at Goat, look at Goat, Goat, Goat, Maximus, Maximus, Maximus, Maximus, My name is Aurelio Maximus, you know, and I come for revenge. Yes, I'm going to revenge my wife. I'm going to revenge my son. Then I'm going to meet them in the afterlife. That's what I'm going to do because I'm Maximus. Maximus. Maximus. Maximus. What are you doing, Maximus? Whoa. Six X from the bottom. Impressive, Maximus. Impressive Maximus, impressive! Look at this, look at it. You know every time when I see this, you know I wish I had someone that could always inform me. Listen, I'm dropping, we got this coin; it's on the indie and it's retesting it, and it's going up-oh, because I didn't see this! Look at this again, rejected back up, back to the indicator just like I warned you guys when it goes back to the indicators for the retest that's when they will bounce up and pump up.

01:18:48
Because I know exactly what I said that to you around these levels over here, guys. It breaks up after it comes back for a retest, and then it goes up. So we did-you know, so we did. Uh, I missed this one completely, by the way, guys. I cannot see all these altcoins; this is this is massive. I think this thing already pumped up pretty much, so you know I would be very careful with this one. But look at this 15-minute indie-I really hate it; I really hate my own indie; I just hate it! You see, you know, there's one guy he told me, 'Mw listen, I'm shorting some altcoins and every time when I see them going so you have to see it like this.

01:19:31
So some some some read the phone member-he's shorting code for example for whatever reason I don't know why but you know. Then you know uh, he sees over here; this was his entry. Season coming up and then And then he sees he has got the indicator on his chart. Oh my, please don't hold the indicator. Please don't hold it. Please don't below it. Please, please, please don't hold it. And then you see, poof, up. I really hate you, MW. I hate your indicator. And then it comes back down into the area. Oh, please, please, please don't hold the damn indicator. Just down, down, just down, down. And then he sees, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I hate you, MW. Why? Why did you create this damn thing? Why?

01:20:12
You know, guys, you have to understand what I'm telling you is just pure reality. It's, you know, this happens every day again and again. Some people, they have my indicator. They understand my indicator. But what they do is, you know, I don't know why, because something in their mind tells them, okay, just short this. Why? I don't know. I just wanted to short it. And then they put on the indicator and then, please, please. So they don't even take profits or just decrease them. No, no, they just. Please, because it's like a sport to them. We're going to make a sport out of it. How are we going to make sure that MW's indicator gets broken? That's what they're putting their money on.

01:21:04
yeah i agree with you trying about that act act is a lot of crappy crap but keep an eye on it even crap you know most of the coins are crap and they pump up like crazy so yeah who are we to tell that it's crap so um this one's also interesting this one yes this one this one i was really eyeing this one and uh this was really look at this look at this don't you get you know when you just watch this guys Look at this. Look at this, guys. Just look at this. Look at it. Look at it. Oh, MW, sorry, but we didn't listen. Look at this. Look at this, guys. There is one thing when you are in this live stream. There's one thing you need to understand.

01:22:03
You didn't miss anything because this will happen every day. Money flows from projects to other projects to other projects. The most important part, why I keep repeating myself, is that you guys will use this indicator the same way tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or next week. Look at this. Just look at it. Just look at this. On one hour. Oh, MW, I'm shorting it. I'm shorting it. Yes, but it's hitting the indicator. No, no, no, I'm shorting it. It's going down. Okay, MW, now I'm shorting it from here. I don't care anymore. Okay, it really topped out. Okay, the indicator is going to break down. No, take some profit. No, I will not take profit. It's going to break below your indicator.

01:23:03
This is the most important part of this whole live stream. I want you to listen to me very good now. Listen to me. Listen to me, please. What you have to do if you want to make money in crypto, you need to not think. Because your mind is created and you have been educated to think the logical way. But in trading and investing, everything goes the opposite of logic. That's the reason why I say to you, if you're going to think logically, you're going to lose money. You have to think non-logically. And how are you going to stop pumping now? I'm getting angry. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't pump more. So what I want you to do is I want you to stop thinking. I want you to stop thinking and start acting.

01:23:56
And just act based on what you see don't be afraid don't fear the markets just do it you gotta stop loss or you stay on the charts if it gets invalidated you just jump out so be it if you're gonna lose three four five percent but if you're gonna catch it you gotta make three hundred four hundred five hundred thousand two thousand percent. How much more do I need to repeat myself to you guys? Please, please start acting. Stop, you know, I know a lot of you guys are wasting time on, you know, following these crypto influencers, feeds, readings. Don't read, don't follow, don't. Just start acting. If you're making money, don't even watch my live streams. Spend your time acting, trading. Go trade, trade, trade. Make the freaking money while you can now, please.

01:24:54
I'm begging you. Only rest my life is to see the altcoins that I'm eyeing and the ones that are showing power so you can show real power to them. Okay, that was scary. Look at this, guys. Look at this. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it respected the India. By the way, guys, let me give you guys a very good example. So this is a good example of in it not respecting the indicator. Look at this. This means that you will be ins and outs out there. There will be ins and outs, but it doesn't matter. You lose 2%, 3% on breakeven, but this is where you catch it. This is where you catch it. This is where you catch it. Over here, you're out.

01:25:37
You just don't do anything. Or you go into short, whatever you want. But over here, you wait. Okay, here we're in. You lose breakeven. Here we're going to make money. You're out. Over here, you're going to go in again. Here's where you're going to kill it. You're out over here. Here's where you go in again. Here's where you're going to kill it. And then over here, you're out. You wait for it. You wait for it. You make money, break even, make money, break even. Over here, you're killing it again. This is how it works. This is the system. But people, you know, when they make one trade, two trades, maybe, you know, for example, over here, oh, it went up. Oh, it came down. And then you will never go in again.

01:26:15
And then over here, it goes in again. And then, oh, I'm out. Oh, crappy. You have to be patient with this. Look at this. It's still going. Oh, my God. Okay, let me tell you this, guys. Let me give you guys one preview because you guys are over here for the preview, right? Everyone is over here for the preview. So you guys just want to know. You want to know, so you want to know my preview, right? You see this coin? Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Let me use another one. Because why? Because I just love you guys. I just love you guys. I don't know why I love you. I don't even know you guys, but I love you guys. I don’t know why. I really don’t know why I love you guys. That’s what I’m telling you. I’m telling you because I love you guys. I don’t know why I love you guys. In it. In it. In it. In it. I’m in it. I’m in it. You’re in it. I’m in it. In it. In it. In it. In it. In it.

01:27:43
Okay, so I'm gonna give you guys one big uh you know one one one one more preview okay so I'm gonna tell you guys for sure so this is the first uh thing that I'm gonna say I'm gonna tell you guys for sure and it is gonna be the first coin official coin On my short ETF. Yes, that's what I said. Yes. Go in it. Go, go, go, go in it. Go, go, go, go in it. Look at it. Look at it. Go, go in it. You can do it. Come on. Come on. Higher, higher, higher. Come on. So guys, so you know it by now. I've told you. Nobody is going to tell it to you, you're the first ones that know about this; not even the free private knows about this, so in it is uh the first, the coin on my shortage here, so uh congratulated everyone, you know it now, so you need, you need it.

01:28:41
Let me check, let me check if the team is easy if the team is so this is basically what I do guys. So, First of all, what we do is we, first of all, we make sure. Let me see, let me see, let me see, guys. Does the team, does the team, does the team agree? Oh, fuck it. Wait a minute, guys. Oops, oops. Oh, the financial markets are ramping up, by the way. Oh, look at this, guys. Oh, look at the pump. Oh, this is great. This is great. Oh, financial markets are pumping like crazy. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? The Trump effect. The Trump effect, guys. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. Oh, crappy. I'm seeing this, guys.

01:29:47
This is FOMO. You see what you're seeing over here? This is FOMO. This is how FOMO looks like. So congrats to you. This is how FOMO looks like. You're seeing this? This is what I'm telling you. You have to trade the indicator. Don't care about it. Look at this. Look at this. Above it. Boom. Boom. You got to make sick money, but you just have to don't think about, oh, wait a minute. This thing went too high. Oh, this thing is going. Don't think about this. It's not about what your logic mind is telling you. Don't listen to your logic mind. Freak your F your logic mind. F everything that's logic. Because if you got to trade logic, you know, everything that is bubbling up and going up, it shouldn't be up anyway.

01:30:27
But so don't care. If you want to make money, stop it. Just stop it. In it. Stop it. You just let the indie do the thinking for you. Because the indie, the indie is the best AI bot that I created for you guys. The indie doesn't care about feelings or scams or policies or reality. In it, the indicator, it just follows where the money is flowing. Look at this, look at this, look at this. Okay, so this is the first coin that I'm announcing officially now. So this thing will be a majority. Okay? Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish, Gabish. You know, wait a minute. Let me let me let me let me let me let me add it, I know I don't care, you know I don't care, I don't care, let me let me, you know.

01:31:17
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I think it's time that you guys, you guys deserve this, you guys deserve this, you guys deserve this. Um, I think that in it uh is uh, let me let me put it on, I'm gonna put it on the shortage here for one moment please because uh, you need to okay, there it is, it's officially is it official now let me see no, it's not official yet so, you guys are live seeing now come on, it needs to be official on the short ETF, okay, now it's official on the short ETF. Congrats guys, you've been here live, so this is the first, this is the first coin for the short ETF, this is the first coin on the short ETF. Let me make it uh rather, This will at the right moment, this thing will be DCA started shorting into the short. But not yet, not yet. Let the FOMO fit. Oh, we're going into, oh, it's something like this. Look at this. Look at this chart, guys. This is just crazy. It's madness. Look at this. Are you seeing this? FOMO. It's just, you know.

01:32:41
What is this, by the way? Let me talk. Initiate is a network for interwoven rollups combining L1 into interwoven system customized app chains. And this is rollup, teams, build, location, whatever. Rollups. Oh, this is something with rollups. Rollups, this, right, you know. I already shorted a lot of rollups, so why not short the crap out of this rollup? Guys, this thing will, the short ETF will kill this thing is very small, but this thing um, I'm gonna analyze this thing; I'm gonna short the crap out of this one so okay, so that's about the data in it. So now I'm gonna do one from the live chat by the way, very long live stream today but I don't care, you guys deserve it, but for the ones that have to work, you can watch it later so uh; 1:33, 1 hour 33 minutes.

01:33:45
China lowered. Oh, there's some news. I thought so, because this pump was pretty, this pump was pretty hard. Oh, there you go. Oh, there I was breaking out. So it's, you know, this is it. This is it. So even this, this, this is broken; this is broken up guys. This resistance. Let's see. I was going to close because we've got the weekly over here. So we got some news. So it's, you know, the bullish sentiment is just getting fed up more and more. And I think that this was also the reason why we had; let me check one moment. This is also the reason, by the way, that we had that; why we had that gap because of this news. So whether we got a channel to lower tariffs to 10%.

01:34:29
Okay. So it's, you know, it's they're playing the game. And when the game is played, that's when the reality will hit in. So, how did Bitcoin react to this news by the way, because I'm not seeing Bitcoin, where's Bitcoin? I need my Bitcoin so while we're doing this and I'm telling you, follow them in the ads, see there we go so Bitcoin just breaks through this news also okay so that is a great that is great so that explains basically that explains the that explains the what's going on over here. Wait a minute, guys. That's what I'm telling you guys. The markets are very, very hard. So what you have to do is you have to always follow the Indy.

01:35:21
It's all about the Indy because the Indy will give you, don't listen to me when I'm doing the short ETF because I'll announce it. When I announce it, I'm not doing it based on the Indy. I will do it based on connecting the dots. It's another style. But when you're trading, you have to follow the Indy. So if the Indy's telling you, okay, Bitcoin, 4-hour, it's holding, and then boom, up. It's the same with all those altcoins that I'm showing you guys. So where are they? The volume coins. So just trade the crap out of them over and over again. So let's see. Oh, by the way, we've got WIF also. Look at WIF. Oh, WIF. Oh, WIF. Look at WIF. By the way, guys, when you see these meme coins pumping up like crazy.

01:36:03
Oh, we've reached 30 cents forex so this is what you're seeing over here; this is just Ponzi VCs cameras they're pumping these meme points just in case that you guys are interested in knowing this um I had over here I just paid my monthly GDC membership with Init and Mu. But, you know, Mr. Pedro Costa, it's because you listen. Because I'm telling you, when this happens, because this is how people think. People think, 'Oh, wait a minute, MW is going to put it on the short ETF, so I'm not going to long this.' That's not how it works. You just trust the damn indicator. When the indicator, just trust it. When it goes, when the formal hits in, when the volume hits in.

01:37:04
Yeah, just have to you know it's it's very hard for me to explain this but let's see let's see I now have to I really have to analyze the markets now based on the news that just came out so let's see what's going on with Dexi doing by the way oh Dex is almost reaching my target with that news ah taxi, taxi, decks you're naughty, naughty, taxi, naughty, naughty, taxi. So this was the news. Let's see how it's going to react. So the VIX. So be very careful, guys. Be very careful, guys. So just trust the Indy. I will share the short ETF when it's done. Alarms going off like crazy on all stocks. Whoa. Yeah. Don't be too excited, Bob. So it was the news. It was the India.

01:37:59
Mw, India-Pakistan problems are going to start again and a bit more escalated this time. I really don't hope so; I really, really don't hope so. But I do get it: you know, you've got these Indian people-very proud people. Pakistani people are very proud, and you know now you get this: you know, you know the Pakistani people; they made some uh, the army; they made some you know some good moves with their airplanes. And now they're very proud of it. And, you know, they say it. And now the Indian people are, like, humiliated. And now we need to hit them back. You know, it's just this: you know, it's Tom and Jerry story. And you're just playing with lives of people. So I really hope; I really hope it doesn't happen.

01:38:51
Okay, so that's about it, guys. I really love you guys. Guys, please, please-this live stream. I've been repeating myself over and over again. Please just trade the indicator. Put in a 5-minute, 15-minute, trade the indicator. Don't think; don't think. For example, oh, the terrorists are out. Oh, the terrorists are out. China's going to vote. Oh, so we're going to the moon now. Or, for example, oh, but, you know, something else happens. Oh, but we've got to dump now. The moment you start thinking like this is the moment that you're going to start losing money. Listen to what I'm saying now. Please listen. Whatever it is that you're reading on the news, if you listen to that and you're going to act on it trading, you will lose money. Please don't think.

01:39:38
Don't think because of that the markets will go there or because of that the markets will go there or because of this. Don't connect those dots. Those are the wrong dots. Because you're getting the wrong information. You have to. Because, you know, this is something also. Basically, I'm going to do something. I'm going to do something and I'm going to do it with you guys together. Why not? We're going to do it together. Before I'm going to close it up. We're going to do it together. So, okay. Let's get into it. And we're going to do it together. Then I'm going to post it on X. So I'm going to do it together with you guys. So bear with me. We're going to do something together.

01:40:22
And this is why I'm saying this to you guys, because this is just how it is. Look at this. Look at this. We're going to put it on the weekly. We're going to remove the indicator. We don't need it. Okay, guys. So basically what we have over here, we have the Bitcoin chart. Yes? Okay. Now I want someone from the chat that is using ChatGPT. I want you to go get me the dates of the beginning of the Ukraine-Russia war. I want you to get me the dates of the 7th October Middle East war. I want you to get me the date of the India-Pakistan war. uh start of the war and i want you also to get me uh the date when um the iran israel thing happened so i want you to get me those dates please get me those dates and write them in the chat please so give me all those dates and then we i'm gonna show you guys something I'm going to show you.

01:41:30
So give me all those days, please. And why is this so important? This is very important because, because this is super important because it will show you, it will show you exactly what I was explaining at the end. Don't listen to what the news is telling you, please. Don't listen to what the news is telling you because the moment you start listening to what the news is telling you, it's how you get wrecked. You have to do it, that's what I'm telling you-when the money flows in, the money is flowing in very big in crypto now, trust the damn indie on the five minutes, trust it on the on the 50 minutes just act on it and you know you're gonna get, you know maybe you're gonna get lucky, that's luck that you know it pumps up like 30, 40, 50 out of nothing then you know you see your money running

01:42:22
I never dreamed, you know. So, nobody check for me today. You guys are really helpful. Okay, I'm going to do it myself. And I'm going to share it on Twitter. So, thank you so much. Have a nice one. And until the next one. And bye-bye.