*** Live Stream 05-03-2025 Koreans are moving the markets again. Coins to watch this weekend! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome MW, and welcome again to any crypto GTC. Welcome retail familia. How are you guys doing? How is everything going? A live stream from MW. We're going to talk about macro. We're going to talk about what I think, what's going on, financial markets. Am I bearish? Am I bullish? Koreans, altcoins. We're going to talk about also something new I'm going to introduce into my live streams and I think that a lot of you guys will probably appreciate that because it's very important. uh it's what the gtc insider is sharing as top 10 altcoins because you know i'm talking about koreans but those top 10 altcoins are also very important they're very important so i'm gonna do less of the coins that you guys want me to do because with all respect i think that you guys are over here for me to tell you what altcoins are you know You need to trade, you need to buy, or maybe make it at 510X.

00:00:54
So I'll be focusing more. So I'm not going to do a lot of altcoins from you, from the RetoFam. I'm going to do the altcoins that I choose together with GDC Insider, what we think where the biggest action is. And we know how to do that. We also got people now working. I've got a lot of RetoFam members also, from which I appreciate a lot, is that they DM me on Telegram. They DM me like 'Mw keep an eye on this coin', and they do it based on my insights, you know what I'm looking for? Am I looking for the volumes? I'm looking for the for the for the for the Koreans. I'm looking at you know some BTC pair that's going like bananas or breaking out so they also share me those coins and I'll check them up and if they are worth sharing I'll share them on the live streams so this way you guys will get much more alpha from me.

00:01:40
And, while I'm doing that, I can also give you guys my honest opinion about the coin. Are you more focused on longs or the shorts? Because this is also something very important, most of you guys want to know. You just want to know, okay, MW, so this coin is on very high volume, but what is your opinion on it? Do you think we should focus on putting the indicator on and focus on the shorts, or should we focus more on the longs? This is something very, very important. Uh, also, I got some news for you guys, that you know we've been working very hard, a little bit of inside things that are going on

00:02:16
in GC Insider, so we're working very hard, so the webpage is coming and uh, you know, also the the trading course with uh, it's it's with donations by the way guys, a part of it goes to charity, part of it goes to the marketing team uh that we're building and growing Dorito Fam on, so uh, that is coming up, so the beginner scores also the high volume groups, that's something that um I'm looking at making a list, a right list for you guys to do that. So a lot is going to happen, also for the ones that want the indicator directly at the same time. So also, you can make a donation and then you can get the indicator in an instant, so that's also something that we're working on.

00:02:52
We're working on a lot of stuff, so basically that section. Also, I want to announce that I'm almost finalizing my new partnership, and why this partnership? Let me tell you. First of all, we need. More exchanges to trade on, especially when we're trading uh crappy coins uh so we can divide those amounts, especially for the high volume traders. But for the high volume traders, I will explain you guys in details how we're gonna do stuff so but just there's a new partnership, but the most important part about this partnership is it's even more important and I'm super, super excited, yes I'm super, super, super excited about it. It took me some time-I think, something like three weeks with testing and, you know, talking to the new part, et cetera, to, you know, to finalize it.

00:03:44
But let me tell you this. It's the only, the only exchange in the world, the only one. And what I'm telling you, I did a lot of research because there are a lot, there are some more, but they don't get the liquidity. You know, it's just, you know, they put it on like a show. but the real one that you can trade on you know and you know just can go with big money on all liquid etc we can trade also with our uh with our usdt we can trade us 500 us 100 gold silver commodities forex you know i'm super i'm super super excited about it really we can trade everything over there

00:04:34
and we can trade it just with our usdt so you know you don't need to use those brokes etc but much more to follow about that one so i'm super super excited about that i'm really yeah you know it's very crazy i don't know why but i'm super excited about it so basically um what's gonna happen so uh let me let me let me let me see let me see let me see let me see what do i got over here oh no we're gonna do a little bit of music we haven't been doing some music for a very long time so i want some music over here and then we gotta do that and then we're gonna jump into the marks because a lot is going on we have to jump into the markets you have to see what the mark so boom

00:06:07
okay thank you we got pedro kilo we got aki we got tran what do we got what do we got we got JF Blaze, uh yes, yes, there's a lot going on in the weekend, uh Kirk, we got Leon, got Lars, uh we got Fever, we got Elena, we got Ziggy and we got Elena Elena Elena, no we got Helena, sorry I'm sorry, we got Elena and then we got over here Alana Magdy Aussie, I love Australia did you guys know that my next destination will be Australia, I've never visited Australia, I love Australia, I didn't you know it's really I want to come towards you guys, I want to see the Aussies, I want to come see your country, love Australia we got Craig Alpiman hello from Western Europe thanks NW Western Europe, Western Europe. Alpima, welcome. Let's see what we got. We got G.

00:07:17
If you want to ask a question, you can DM me on Telegram. The link's in the link tree. We got Peter. We got Matija, Daniel, Flakes. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Jerry. Alan. We got TopDock. Oh, my God. Top dog, and uh, I'll back and the truck driver Mario, I really miss these guys sometimes. I cannot see you, did I really miss these guys. CB how the dog is in the house, Evelina. CB wreck and the boy Bakoi Johan winter, Johan Venter, good call on doing coins, you prefer that's what we do. Listen, listen, I

00:08:03
want you know listen listen so this is just for johan vento this is it's you have to understand this and you know it's it's very hard for me to explain this but I'm gonna try my best anyway, my style of doing things is first of all, I don't do paid chills, so that's number one, and this is very important maybe to some people, it's not important, but for your money, for your capital, is very important. Because you need to find, even if it's not me, go find someone else. I don't care. Find someone else. But you have to find someone that is not doing paid shields. So when he talks about altcoins, he may not be paid to do that. Or he may not be owning some big bag to do that.

00:08:54
Because every freaking coin that I talk about, I don't own it. I don't have it. You know I don't have any of those coins; I don't own them and even if I would talk about it, makes it 100x I don't give a crap! I just don't give a crap if you guys made a 100x, I'm happy for you guys. I don't own it, I don't care, I don't care about it. You know it's you have to understand I'm allergic to greed that's why I felt so lonely on the crypto events days ago. It's also okay to put on the song Lonely. I need a moment. I need a moment. I need a moment. I need a moment. I want the song Lonely. Oh, I felt so freaking lonely on that event.

00:09:44
You know why? It's very simple, guys. You know, I laugh about it. You know, it is what it is. But greed goes very deep. Greed is so deep over there. You can see it in their eyes, you can see it in how they talk, what they say, how they organize, and how they meet. Do you remember the picture that I made, that i made networking hub? If you would put some mics on there, you would just record what they are talking about. There are people in the world in crypto will be shocked anyway, so it's so important while you guys are with me over here. It's super important that you every day or every two days, whatever, and do live stream or MGC Insider. You'll get the altcoins where the money is flowing, that's it.

00:10:34
We don't know them, we don't own them, we don't... we're just showing you where the money is flowing and where the money is flowing is also where the MW indicator works best. So if you... you have to see it like this. So you meet your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever, whoever it is. You meet them at some party or whatever. Yeah, yeah. Are you in crypto? Yes, I'm in crypto. Well, did you buy some crypto? Yes. You know, I've been following this guy and he's talking about this crap coin. Yeah, well, how is it doing? Well, basically nothing. What do you mean? Yeah, but he's always talking about it. It goes up with 10%, 20% that comes down. That 10 is just dead there, but you know, yeah.

00:11:21
I bought some, you know about $10,000 of it, and you know he's telling me that we're gonna make a 100x and we're gonna get rich; he told you that, yes, he told me that. So how long are you behaving well? I think I'm six months now in this going, and how are you doing, yeah? Well, it's worth, I think something like $4 or $5,000, but you know, I lost half of my money. But he already told me on YouTube that I shouldn't be worried about what; no, because it's going, you know, it's just, you know, you just need to buy the dip and you just need to hustle, and you need to have patience. At some point, it will make it 10, 20, 30 years. Okay.

00:11:56
100X. Okay. So what we do is the opposite. You're going to reserve your $10,000, put it on some coin that, you know, nobody ever heard of. And because some guys getting, because you have to see it like this. If I would, you know. Let's just say I'm going to launch CrapCoin. The only thing that I care about is I need people to buy CrapCoin. People need to buy my CrapCoin. That's what it's all about. So I'm going also to the crypto event and I'm going to, you know, there is a booth there and, you know, CrapCoin is going to be the future of whatever. Why? Because MW is saying so. Whatever. So why am I saying this? It's; You need people to buy it. You need people to buy it.

00:12:44
So while people are buying it, you know, and it's not getting any, you know, your money is stuck in there. And when it gets into a loss, and most of the times they purposely put it down, you know why? Sometimes, you know, when they see like, let's just say, one million people, one million dollars gets bought by, you know, one hundred people, a thousand people. Most of the time what they do is they push the price down with 20, 30%. Not too much, not too less. Why do they do that? So you're going to huddle. Because they pay people. So, I will pay someone to tell you that that's the new future and that's going to be 100x.

00:13:27
And then I put it down and then I will come back, you know, that, you know, the one that I paid, tell them to just huddle. And then he will tell you, oh, just huddle, guys. He's getting paid to say that to you. So, you are huddling. And that's how it works in crypto. This is how it works, guys. This is how it works in crypto. I keep repeating myself over and over and over again. So, you shouldn't be married to any project. You shouldn't be caring about any project. The only thing that I want you to care about is money. Care about money. That's it. That's it. Care about money. And while you're caring about money, you need to know where the money is flowing. That's what I'm showing.

00:14:09
That's what we are showing from GTC. We show you every day, seven days a week, where the money is flowing. And when you know where the money is flowing, I don't care if you want to loan it, you want to short it, whatever, do as educated, but at least you get movement and you're not going to invest your money into some debt project. That will probably go to zero, by the way. So that was Johan Venter. So we got Al Pink is also in the house. So I got Biggie. We got Zeji, Walid, The Coin. We got Brian. We got, what do we got? What do we got? We got Aqib. We got CB. We got 4Jerry. We got Peter. Riff Pop. We got Christopher. We got Danny. We got Craig.

00:14:56
We got Alkhan Janis. Haven't seen that one for a while. I did not forget about you, by the way, Janice. I'll be with you. You know, I really think, I really mean this. I think that Elpink, Johan Venter is from the Netherlands. I think, you know, I really mean this. I think that I should have much more Dutch people following. I really mean this. I think that I should have. um way more uh dutch people following me it's basically it's you know i don't you know i'm not always like showing like oh listen guys i'm mw and i'm dutch it's not like that but you know it's it's really it's really mad that i've got more german followers than than dutch followers it's crazy i just don't get it but you know uh so we got the crack what do we got we got medic we got

00:15:54
ciao be prepared guys a lot of offers coming up today uh we have peter guys okay let's dive in so first of all guys so um what happened because i want to talk about the last three last three what happened was this dump you know you remember while i was doing the tree okay this dumped out wow so this was gdp so this was For me, let me just be honest with you guys. So this was GDP. It came down. This was a pretty big dump. But this is just a classic move of Wall Street. That's why I also told you that, you know, Wall Street was a little bit, you know, a little bit gone last week's. But they went back over here. They went back over here.

00:16:37
So what they did, this was, by the way, it came also together with, you know, they always put a narrative on it. But this came together with, you know, this mineral contract in Ukraine, et cetera, et cetera. out of the sunday because some contract has been made and you're crazy yeah well that's a reason to just pump this thing up you know while gdp is showing us that you know everything is going to f you know and then oh well you know what you know we got a new contract you know it's got it's got to make it's got to make a lot of money you know why not why not let's go make a lot of money

00:17:15
So this is, in my opinion, this is not minerals. It's not Ukraine. This is just, you know, this is just Wall Street doing what they have been doing for years. And it's very simple. What they have been doing is that, you know, the news is bearish. They push the price down and then they push it up very hard. This is just short. That's just what it is. Because this contract isn't going to change anything. And the GDP was bearish, as it should bearish. But we also got this, in my opinion, manipulated numbers from the earnings also getting involved, also pushing a little bit of the price. So whatever. Okay, no problem. We just adjust it, absorb it, and we're going to act on it. That's my style. Okay, whatever it is.

00:18:04
You want to go into the circus? You do the circus. No problem. Now let's see what we're going to do so this, this, this ramp up, well, whatever, so by the way, I also told you guys that, you know, I was a bit disappointed over here that I didn't get hit on my targets over here. You remember it wasn't a daily; let me show you on the daily so I told you guys because we were over here this happened over here when we were over here, then I told you I got a field already but you know I wanted this thing to come into this box over here, this region. So this was where I was at. Well, Wolfsburg told me, MW, we never disappoint you, bro. Just put those targets in.

00:18:43
We will make sure that we will get there. That's just what we do. We show the VIX and we pump the US 500. That's our job. That's what we are good at. You are good in your analyzers. We are good in making sure that you can't. That you can't, that you can't, that you can't. What do we have over here? I'm seeing on Twitter, I have a problem with Patreon, can't watch. What? That's why? Maybe he has got a personal problem, I don't know. I will check. Yes, very strange. So, basically what's, maybe you can DM him, I don't know if he's a member, I don't know, I have to check it, but maybe after I can DM him. So, basically what's going on over here is that Wall Street was telling me, don't be disappointed.

00:19:32
We will get your targets hit. Well, they did. So they did. So unfortunately, I made some tweets yesterday. And, you know, a lot of people, you know, it's for me so hard. You know, I really love to, you know, I love to be honest with you guys. I'm not here to give you hopes. And I've told you a lot of times, I'm no bear. I'm no bull. I'm no bull. I'm no bear. I'll just tell you what I'm doing, why I'm doing it, and how I'm doing it, and how I'm nailing it over and over again. So for me, at that moment, I'm seeing something. And this is on the macro. Maybe we'll get a big weekend pump on altcoins. Could be. Because what I'm seeing is I'm preparing myself as I'm seeing that we're going into.

00:20:28
So, for the ones that, you know, for those bulls, you know, I cannot give you too much time on this, but, you know, some people, I don't know, they are living in, you know, they live like, I rather, you know, I need to be bullish, so I'm bullish. It doesn't matter what the market is telling, I need to stay bullish. Please, MW, don't say anything bearish. Please, MW, don't short any altcoins. Please, MW, don't tell us that you're short. What? You know, I just don't get it. Why? Why are you doing this? If you are trading, you should be a bull and a bear at the same time that our traders don't care about markets going up and down. So if you're getting emotional, you're getting scared, et cetera, maybe it's time to, you know, just stop following or looking at traders.

00:21:23
Go follow. Some investors I don't know what you want to do but whatever so also for this Mr. X I'm not going to call you I'm not going to point out your name that was getting super emotional bro we i was shouting to you buy here so if you bought in you should be in very big profits look at this, I've seen this 18 the US 500 is acting as some meme code, 18 percent in what is it two weeks three weeks, 18, 1, 8. This was what I was telling you to buy if you even bought Bitcoin like I told you also remember, remember because at the same time when I was telling you to buy it to buy there I also was telling you over here bye bye and if you bought in over here, Mr.

00:22:23
Emotional, if you bought in over here, 31%. And if you bought altcoins, it would be at 60, 70, 200, 150. Tell me what to do, bro. It's what I do. This is what I do for a living. I analyze markets. And, you know, I don't want to make only money on the way up. I want to make money on both ways, up and down. So up and down, up and down. For me, this is now down. But, you know, there's something that is. you know the the the bearish narrative the the bearish narrative has one big thing coming up and that's something that i have to keep in mind because uh you know wall street the problem is wall street and what is it exactly uh wall street and that's that we have wednesday we have this is a problem this is a problem why Although I'm super bearish, so nothing changed about that.

00:23:23
I'm super, super bearish, so nothing changed about that. But, you know, we need to be careful because the Fed is coming. And the Fed is going to do their interest rate. So the FOMC is coming. So, guys, we have to keep that in mind. So what do we know? We all know that we're dealing with some autistic. Wall Street an autistic Wall Street it doesn't matter what what they're doing, that they always want to you know, they want to make sure that uh, they always pump, they just pump it up, this is what they do, they like to pump it up, everything is just pump, pump, pump, pump, so uh, keep this in mind guys, so even uh though I'm bearish and I'm preparing for the shorts, So we have to remember that we have this FOMC.

00:24:21
Let me show you guys exactly when it is on the chart. What is it? It's the 7th of May. So here it is. You see, guys? So we have to keep in mind that Wall Street might hold this up, maybe even break it high. I don't know. But they're just autistic, these guys. So they might ramp it up to my target over here. This is my target, by the way. But this is the top of the box, so this line or maybe even this line. You have to keep in mind that we're dealing here with autistic Wall Street. Wall Street pre-pumps the FOMC. They just do. They always do. Not always, but let's just say like 80%, 90% of the times they like to romp it up.

00:25:15
So we got some resistance over here, guys. But, you know, just keep in mind that they might romp it up. That's just what they do. And after the FOMC, that's when, you know, well, we might get that embarrassing. So we're going to prepare for the weekend. So that's about that. Let's see the VIXI. Vixie is over here showing up, but Vixie, I want Vixie. Vixie, just stop acting like some, you know, as if you want to go up, whatever. Just come into the box. Don't talk. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Are you seeing this? This is Germania. This is Germania. This is Germania. Look at Germania. Are you guys seeing Germania? This is Germania. This is Germany, guys. Look at Germany. Look. Now I understand why most of my followers come from Germany.

00:26:15
They are the number one degents in the world. They're even worse than the Koreans. It's like crazy. Der Mannschaft. Look at Der Mannschaft. They just don't do it in crypto. They go for the real big deal. They just pump their own stocks up, you know, their own index up. Ah, we don't care. Volkswagen goes to zero, we don't care. Mercedes, we don't care. That, we don't care. We just keep pumping, you know, just pump it up. You know, the government, yeah, you know, just put another 500 billion into the stocks. Why not? We're going to stimulate our economy. That's what we're going to do. Okay. Okay, so look at Germania. This is Germania, and Germania, Germania, I'll be waiting for you. You know, Germania. How are you waiting for your Germania?

00:27:04
In Germania. Because, guys, you have to keep an eye on this. You have to understand this. I showed this show on Twitter yesterday and the day before. Guys, the bounce came in, but it's way, way, way too strong, in my opinion. This is not healthy. This is not healthy. Because you have to keep in mind that Germania, Germania, Germania is just 2. 4% away from all-time high. Are you listening to me? 2. 4% away from all-time high. They could make all-time high today. Look at this. Just look at it. And you know, you can call it a fraud. You can call it, you can call this a bubble. I don't care what you want to call it. I really don't care what you want to call it. Look at this, guys.

00:28:04
Look at this. So we had this dump. This was okay, whatever, to the support. We missed it by an inch. But look at this. Look at this. Look how it's going up. There isn't even a retrace. It's just this is how a fraud looks like. This is insider trading. This is bubble what you're seeing. This is what you're seeing over here. This is exactly how Ford looks like. This is what you're seeing over here. And it was much worse. Let me show you on this. Let me show you on the monthly. Look at this. Germania. Germania. Look at Germania. Look. Just look at Germania. Look at this. The past. Let's just say from here, from the 1st of November. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

00:28:51
And then you have to keep in mind that in the meanwhile, in this period. You are only reading Germany into a recession officially, Germany is this, Germany and then, you hear this, you know, you hear this, this, no, this is stupid people, that's how I call them stupid people. Hey, g, please bro, I'm explaining something super important, you're sending a struggle with data, struggling with that, is this the right moment to keep asking this and talking and these big questions, bro? Probably save that for a DM or you can DM GT inside or whatever if you're struggling with whatever, because please let us do our live streams, otherwise I have to sign with you, please. Or maybe this is not interesting enough for you, I understand, I get that, I would no, there's no hate, I really understand it, maybe you don't, you just don't care about.

00:29:52
This I understand that maybe you're just interested in some going on with Koreans or whatever, I told you already we're going to talk about it after this because this is the most important part to understand and to save yourself from not getting wrecked. I understand I fully understand that this doesn't you know, I don't care; I understand that you don't care, and let me give you, let me give you, let me give you a little surprise-99. 99% of retailers and crypto don't care about this. But that's also why the same 99. 99% of the retailers are wrecking crypto. So please try to be that 0. 01% of the retailers that is not getting wrecked. We will get to those shit coins in a moment.

00:30:34
And now we're going to explain you and, you know, if there is something. But now we are. Okay. No problem. No problem. Maybe you're new here. You don't understand. But let me get back. Look at this. You know, let me tell you this. So basically what they were doing is Germany had a lot of Bitcoin and they sold it. And everyone was laughing. You see those stupid influencers? Germany sold all their Bitcoin. They should have held it and then it would be much more worth. You stupid ass. They sold their Bitcoin, they bought their own freaking stocks with it, and they made even more profits. What do you think? Do you think Bitcoin is the only asset in the world that goes up? Wake the freak up. These guys are so stupid.

00:31:28
And this is what I've been trying to teach you guys over and over and over again. People, especially on the social media platforms, if it's YouTube, if it's Instagram, if it's, you know, ha, ha, ha, ha, you know. They sold their Bitcoin. Yes, he sold his Bitcoin because he saw that he could make much more money on something else. And he did. So who's laughing now? He made a 5x. How much did you make? I made 27% up in three years. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. So who's laughing now? You know, they keep selling you this narrative. Because they want to keep you stupid. Do you really think that you are smarter than those Germans? These freaking Germans, they invented stuff. These guys, these guys are, you know, the tech people of the world.

00:32:26
These guys are so freaking smart. You think you can outsmart these guys? They had one crazy guy that almost, you know, fought the whole world and almost won it. Some sick guy. Do you really think that you did ha ha ha ha ha? The Germans law sold all their oh they sold all their bitcoin too early, you donkey! They made even more money, you know. They sell the bitcoin, pump it into Hasen, higher or you know pump it into Volkswagen or pump it into whatever stocks they got older that are causing because I, I you know. I'm gonna do basically when the partnership starts, I'm going to do a deep research, by the way, guys, especially for the high-volume traders. I'm going to do a deep dive for you guys on the Chinese stocks.

00:33:15
I'm going to do a deep dive for you guys on the German stocks. And why? I'm going to do a deep dive for you on the Chinese stocks because we're gonna long the crap out of them. And I'm going to do a deep dive into the German stocks to short the crap out. So just that's my plan. That's my plan. Bobby, it's coming. It's coming. There's a new partnership coming, and you can trade everything there. So, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,

00:34:01
that is ruled by the narrative that they sell you on whatever platform you're reading but if you would really use your mind they did great by selling this and you know i can even show you something else uh i show this already but i'm gonna share it again i'm gonna share it again look at this look at this one look at this one look at this one i've seen this you guys you guys are probably you have no clue but look at this look at this are you seeing this You know what this is? This is Mr. Saylor. Mr. Saylor has been telling you for years, buy Bitcoin. He's telling you to sell your kidneys to buy Bitcoin. Why isn't he telling us over here and over here, sell your kidneys and buy Microsoft?

00:34:49
Why isn't he saying that? I don't know why. Because if he would say that, I already showed you guys this, but I'm going to show you guys for the ones that didn't see that. So I'm going to show you this in a moment. So look at this. Look at this. I'm going to show you. So this is Mr. Seder. So you guys believe all in Mr. Seder. You love Mr. Seder. Okay. Love Mr. Seder. No problem. So let me go to this. I'm going to go to the bottom of this. So we'll get the biggest gains made. So, look at this. Look at this. This was at the top. You made it 600%. At the top. Okay. Okay. Okay. So when was this? This was October 22. Okay. October 22.

00:35:31
Let's go to October 22. October 22. October 22. So, Bitcoin, you have to see it. Bitcoin is the new future. Bitcoin is this. Bitcoin is that. Whatever, whatever. So, Bitcoin, you know, Bitcoin is going to a million bucks. Bitcoin is going to 2 million, 10 million, whatever. Okay, fine. Okay, fine, Mr. Saylor. We believe you. You're the man. You're the man. You're the man. Okay. So look at this. So you. You're buying Bitcoin. Okay. This is Mr. Seder. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this? This is a 35x. A 35x. A 35x. Bitcoin made a 6x. Six for the ones you know, for the ones that don't, don't you know their ears are not working well, so I'm going to visualize it: 6x on Bitcoin, this is Bitcoin, whatever.

00:36:42
And a 35x on this one, 35x, you need to repeat yourself again, 35X in the same period since Bitcoin was at 15K and microsurgery was at that moment. 35X. And now, and then you got this microsurgery at every event. Yes. Out of the way. All those interviews. Out of the way. Out of the way. I'm coming. You should buy Bitcoin. You should buy Bitcoin. I'm buying Bitcoin. I'm never selling my Bitcoin. You don't have to sell your Bitcoin. Because, you know, by buying that Bitcoin, you're creating FOMO on your stock. You're making 35x. Why don't you tell us to just sell our Bitcoin? We're just going to buy MicroStrategy. We want to make a 35x also. Do you understand how these people are keeping you dumb? They're keeping you stupid.

00:37:42
They're keeping you. They don't want you. They are getting filthy rich. They will never show you how to get rich because they need you to work as a driver for them, open the door for them, to wash their toilets, to make them food, to deliver them food. You know, they need you. They need you. Because if they would make you rich, who's going to wash their toilets and do their groceries and drive them to whatever they want to go? Who? Who's going to do that? They are not going to do it themselves. They need you. You need to do that. And then they give you a little bit of salary, a little bit of money. And then you tell them, thank you, thank you, thank you. Oh, you get a bonus this month.

00:38:31
Oh, yeah, what's the bonus? Well, we're going to give you $500 because you're doing your best. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. Come on, guys. Be the freaking warriors. i can get so emotional from this okay so i need to skip this now i need to talk about something else i really need i really need to i need to talk about something because the more i talk i think about this that you know my hands start shaking my hands start shaking but you know guys you have to break the system you have to be smarter than that you have to read you you guys all need the mw glasses i need to

00:39:07
put the mw glasses on your on your eyes so when you read news when you hear people no not only glass so i need glasses with this you know it's the secret agent uh ear things you know earmuffs or whatever they call it so you put them in your ears so and then you know every time when someone tells you something or read some news and then you get mw translating it to you that's you know that's when you know you see mw mw is translating for you what they're telling you you know so you get you you all you guys all need the mw translator you know so when they say something i translate it to you this is what they're really telling that's what they oh my god oh it's a great stream already it's a great stream already it's a great we didn't even talk about shit coins and it's a great stream already

00:39:57
we didn't even start talking about altcoins or bitcoin and it's a great streamer so okay guys so um let me see let me see guys very important very important So, very important, so by the way guys, if if the markets will go into the if the marks you know also I saw this yesterday about it, I saw some funding rates on Bitcoin showing red, I was shocked, oh my god, red, yes, red, so uh Guys, I haven't seen this. Let me check it now again, because I haven't been checking on it. Oh, it's still, I'm still seeing red. Not all of them, but I'm seeing like slightly on Binance, BitMEX, Bybit. So I'm seeing a little bit of red. So Binance is basically the biggest one. But it's very strange.

00:40:50
Kraken, for example, it's a little bit higher and higher. And the rest is just equal. But, you know, Bybit, BitMEX, and so let's just say, especially Binance and Bybit, it's, you know, it's red. You know, you have to see it like this, guys. It's very simple. As long as this is not super red, but you have to listen to me. Funding rates on Binance, when they get red, you know, it's those exchanges, they, you know, they will do whatever it takes to keep the price up. You know, so uh, you have to keep this in mind: be very careful. You know, with shorts-shorts if you're taking any shorts, it should be in out in and out take the profits out, do it again, do it again.

00:41:36
So, this is basically what you're gonna see: when you're shorting um, or the price is going up for example like this, or maybe even like this. So, what you do is: short profits go out up again, okay? Sure, take the crap out of it, profits out. This is how you have to keep doing and over here, it's the same-down. You short it, take over, you take profits, it bounces up, take profits. Up, and if you're longing, it's the same story. So, if you're longing, if you're focusing on the longs, we're going to talk about them in a moment, guys. So, in, take profits, retrace to the indie, you go in again, boom! Out, take profits. Over here, you're going to do it again and at some point it's enough and then you think to yourself: okay, let me go to the next coin.

00:42:18
But we're going to talk about those in a moment. We're going to talk about, by the way, the stream is getting way too long. I'm talking a lot today. I probably miss you guys. So keep an eye on that; we will, I think, just chop around over here, maybe even push it even higher. If we're going to, and by the way, guys, very important, you have to keep this in mind: if, just if, because I have no clue what what Wall Street is going to do today. I really have no clue. So for me, I think that they're going to hold the markets; they will not allow them to dump very hard, for example, today. I don't think so. And that's because of the FOMC. So I think that they will probably hold the market.

00:43:01
So if we're going to retrace, I think it will be minimal. But you have to really keep in mind how this thing is going to close. so we're now not like retracing back into the indie i think something like that maybe you could even come to the indie over here possible they're going to flush out a little bit but if it's going to hold and especially the close is going to be very super important if the clothes will be in green we could get really good we can't bump on all the servers keep that in mind so we could get a lot of action going on in the weekend so while i'm saying this let's just go to those altcoins

00:43:46
so yes let me first of all start with the top 10 altcoins shared by gtc insider uh i was eyeing this coin i was liking what i was seeing to be honest i've seen these guys this is basically that you know you know what i've been showing you guys this is basically it so There is some high volume going on over here, and I was liking this guy Tottenham. So, okay, this is one of those points, Alex. So, you got this, this is a validation, a bang, boom. Over here, hold, boom, hold. If it's going to hold, maybe you're going to get the next boom. Because this thing, by the way, let me, let me, let me, let me, but this is important, by the way, guys.

00:44:30
This, by the way, I'm not talking, this is high volume, this is not about Koreans, so. This coin, this is buy-swept. This buy-swept, what I was eyeing, this buy-swept, whatever it is, I think it's an exchange or something that is doing whatever it is that they're doing. You know what I was liking about it? It's a $32 million market cap. $25 million, $32 million. So this thing, it doesn't take much to pump this up. You know? Are you feeling me? It doesn't take a lot of, you don't need a lot of money to pump this thing up, so this thing could just romp up; they just one tiny will could pump this thing up, one tiny will, but you have to respect the indicator, so just trade it on the style, just as educated.

00:45:23
But you have to keep in mind that this thing could, you know, make the next move up, but let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see if it's going to happen. So let me, I'm gonna put my alarm over here, on indicator 42 cents, like these, uh, like this, uh, let me see how it's looking on the one hour, on the one hour. Okay, we need first of all, we're below it now, so this is batteries; so first of all, we need to get above the indicator again. So this is the most important, but this is even more, let me remove this is even more important than, uh, this is even more important than holding. The four-hour to be honest.

00:46:02
If you want to find momentum on this coin, you see like this over here, we lost it down, down, down, the four-hour it held, and then over here, boom, boom, boom, then we broke. So I want the same over here. So I want this to see. So keep an eye on this. Buy, swap, bet, bet, swap. And you have to keep in mind that also this thing is a 24 million market cap on a volume of 53 million. At least I'm calling market cap. I don't know how it is on. I don't have it. I don't have it here. I don't think I'm sorry because there could be a difference over there. But listen, guys, keep an eye on this. I told you about it. Next one.

00:46:39
I've got this Vine, this meme coin, this Musk meme coin, whatever. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum. You're out. All right. Okay, let's get in again. It's mind-blowing. This Vine is meme coin. I don't know. It's, you know, Musk. I don't know why he's chilling this. I don't know. Yeah. 50 also guys 54 million market cap this thing could could really go bananas but you know the market cap don't for me it's too high now to chase it on this level but if this thing gets you know close to the indie you know Focus, focus, focus. Try the crap. You can make a lot of money. Then we got this Voxel. Same story as Voxel. Look what it is.

00:47:33
You know, Voxel over here is also, I think this is gaming or whatever it is, Voxies or Voxel. Also, same story. This thing is, you know, guys, 22 million market cap. With a volume of 50 million. 27. Fully diluted market cap. It already made this bump up. I don't remember. Because we shorted the crap out of this, by the way, I think. Yes. I think we shorted the crap. We shorted the crap out of it. Listen, guys. If the markets will hold. If the markets will hold. You know? If the markets will hold. Huddle. Huddle. This coin. Because, you know. There are a lot of coins like this, but you have to understand that this is the coin of volume. And then you can tell, well, but wait a minute, MW, this is dumped volume.

00:48:29
Yes, I agree with you. This is dumped volume. But even if it's dumped volume, it's volume. The money is flowing here. And people, when they see if it's dumped volume, at some point, they're going to put the reverse button. Because if too many people are dumping it. The funding rates will probably also be in favor of the blocks they get a minus, so it's very important to keep an eye on this, so this coin, also keep an eye on this coin. Uh, there are like you know, low market cap, high volume, I love this, is the best combination, but I love, and then let's go to this, what is this, uh, whatever, BMT, they always have got something, you know, BMT, this is a bubble map. Also liking, loving the, the, the, the, price movement, not liking, I'm definitely not liking this, it's on Binance, so this, the Binance gang is on it again, so let me be honest with you, this is one hour with I for sure.

00:49:41
So you're talking about longs and then you're going to flip. Yes, yes, yes. That's what professional traders do. You know, I know that a lot of you guys will, what, what? Are we bullish? Are we bearish? No, you're just, just look at the facts. So this one, this one is a short in my opinion. This one is really a short in my opinion. So I would short the crap out of this one, you know, and not now at the right time. but the right time but you know i would i would short the crap out of this one so i would be really focusing you know maybe this thing will go up with the markets and maybe we'll get you know this would be a nice short on a sunday afternoon for example you know for the ones that understand they understand so let me go to this one this one also by the way this this this this this uh in it in it

00:50:33
and it in it and what is in it doing what is in it uh i think that in it is in it i think that in it is just in it i think that in it is in it i think that in it is one of those coins that i'm also probably let me see if i'm saying this right this is also this is the same like bmt this is also one for the you know This is also a Dutch afternoon coin, you know. Guys, if you don't understand what Dutch afternoon coins are, let me explain it because maybe before you got to make some big mistake or whatever. Dutch afternoon coins are mostly the coins that it's just what we do is what we do is we, you know, when the markets close green, you get this Friday night.

00:51:27
pumps and then you get Saturday pumps and then you get Sunday morning pumps. The Koreans have done and the Asians have done their thing. And then the Dutch afternoon is, so the Dutch time, European West time, around, you know, one o'clock, two o'clock in the afternoon, then it starts most of the time. And then you'll see those dumps happen. It doesn't happen always, but it happens like 70, 80%. I know people from the retail firm that made really sick gains. They just trade this, you know, they just, you know. Dutch afternoon, let me show it. You know, they make a lot of money. It's madness, but no, yeah, that's what I do. You know, I'm always trying to break the code. So let's see. So let's see.

00:52:09
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Next one, Beam. Whatever Beam is doing, whatever it is doing. So, Beam is also high volume. Guys, you have to focus on these scores-you really can make a lot of money on them-you have to really focus on those coins, don't underestimate them when the money is flowing, you should be flowing with them, but this is this is another Beam, I don't know what Beam was on the list, this is another Beam, this is a Beam of 33 cents and there is a Beam x, I think the other one, so let me just skip this one. Turbo, by the way, guys, turbo-I want you just to know that Turbo was almost shorted here.

00:52:57
This was my entry, I think. This is one of the biggest. You see? Yeah. This was my entry, I think, over here. Short ETF, guys. Turbo. Woo! Look at this. It's now ramping up, ramping up. The money is flowing. Actually, you know, I was talking to a friend of mine yesterday. He told me it's really mind-blowing MW. And after, you know, talking Dutch. From the moment that you told us that you know people might start flipping their money into crypto again, he told me there was no way back; it just started romping up like crazy. But look at this guy, so turbo, uh guys, this is on my short EDFI, I took huge, huge profits on this one sick profit on this dump down and you know, I might do it again.

00:53:41
I'm not interested, so this is also a shorty, short AI XBT, oh lovely, hit the buy zone, and this is really, but uh, but we gotta talk a little; I don't know if I've got the time, but I need to talk a little bit about these uh, I need to talk about these AI agents. By the way, nice short over here, look at this back into the zone, and there we go again, there we go; we just need to break this zone over here, see this, just need to break this. You know, let me put my alarm over here, and then off she goes again, you know these AI agents they go hard, guys; they really go really hard, and then we got move I, you know I've been talking about this short the crap.

00:54:28
Out of it and we did shorten the crap out of it a lot of times and then you got this Trump Foundation, whatever I don't know why they chose this going to lengthen it to buy it put it you know still it and then boom down you know it's just no it's not You know, these days, you know, sometimes I miss Gary Gensler, you know. These guys are just doing whatever it is that they want to do. So they're just wrecking people. Look at this. Now it got delisted from Coinbase and they're doing some research. I don't, you know, it's just one big puppet show. But, you know, that's why you have to listen to MW.

00:55:03
When I'm, you know, when I'm warning you about a coin, when I'm telling you, listen, this could be on the short list, or we might kind of hit the short on this. You have to be careful. I'm not telling you that I'm shorting or that I'm bearish about something because I just felt like it-no, there is always a reason for it. So, let me go quickly to the Koreans uh, because we're running out of time, guys uh, the Koreans, Korea so we got this going on, the Koreans, I don't know what they're doing, so CTC, keep an eye on this, CTC uh, we got Injective, I love Injective by the way and you know, I really hope, I really hope. But I was eyeing this-you see, it was the same like I told you guys over here. Up above it, come back, retest it, daily indicate, and then off she goes. And the off she goes could still happen, guys. You have to keep an eye on this Injective coin. I want you to really keep an eye on this, especially the high-volume traders. So, the high-volume traders, I want you to keep an eye on this, so use the 1-hour, 4-hour, 15-minute mark.

00:56:12
Indicator and just I because if the Koreans because you have to see like this guy's these Koreans are dangerous people And if they you know if they're gonna put their you know, you know, you know, you're feeling me and then we got this exact Look at this guys Koreans guys Koreans are on this Yes, Koreans. Yes. Yeah, you probably don't believe me But I was just as shocked as you guys were what is this Koreans are interesting in this court Koreans they have it let me let me look for it where is it where is it where is it koreans koreans koreans where are you are you are you are what is it where

00:56:55
are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

00:57:03
you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you What are the numbers on this coin, by the way? What are the numbers on this coin? What are the numbers on this coin? 450. Keep an eye on it. Look at this. Look at this. E-cash. Okay. Next one. Kaito. Kaito. Look at Kaito. Kaito. Whatever. This is why I don't like the Koreans when I see them doing things like this. Stay away from that one.

00:57:32
Then you got this one. E-gold. Are we short of this thing to death from here by the way, but look at this Koreans are romping it up. I don't know why they got this ATH Short of the crap out of this one now, you know, I would still sort of cut now. I'm just joking Just stay away from this one. I'm not interested in ATH. I mix. Okay. Look at this guys You know, this is really Koreans. They're just pumping all those dead coins. I maximax is supposed to be one of the best projects in crypto, ever. Look where it is made a new all-time low and it's now bouncing off from it. Keep an eye on this one. And then you got Suey Suey Suey Suey so Suey is also very popular among them.

00:58:19
By the way, I wanted to show you guys this one by the way, today it you know my alarms went off and I thought to myself, 'Why is this thing dumping? Why is this SNS dumping? You know it's almost at all-time low. Look at this, what's going on with this SNS. Let me let me check this together. By the way, this is not Koreans by the way guys. I wish the Koreans were on this because they would have they would have pumped it to that. They can pump this coin to whatever. By the way, guys, I don't own any SNS. I'm not chilling and I'm definitely Not telling you to buy it, so calma calma. We're gonna analyze it together. I didn't even watch it, so I'm gonna watch it now, but who is this freak that is dumping this coin?

00:59:05
This coin is now at $1. 26 million market fully diluted 2. 76, what's going on, why is data dead? I'm just dicing around, let me see... uh, I've got some with these guys, but I just don't get it. No, let me go to their website. What's going on with these people? Are they just ruging people? This is this a rug? This is just a scammy thing. You know, it's making me a bit angry. And I'm not even losing, I didn't even lose any money on it, and it's making me angry. What if what if someone lost money on it? He would be pissed as hell. Here it is-sign is one, okay, let's go. The sign is one has got 60 almost 70k followers, okay, okay...

01:00:12
so I got first of March AI whatever, and then 30th of April, yeah, like two days ago. They're active, so new train campaigns are live. Train AI on the future, okay? Let me see some run oh let me, let me go into the comments. Run from this project team is doing nothing. Token is dead, okay. It's 14 day, 14 hours ago. Run from this project team is doing nothing. Is that well? Is that because you're saying that or why? What is what is what is what is your you know? So 25, I'm going to be honest with you. I'm a little bit scared of these guys. They all promise you, 'we are AI', 'we are this', 'we are that', everyone is AI this way.

01:01:04
If we all, for 20 bucks a month, we can get ourselves the best AI tool ever, ChatGPT, and we can just ask him to do and build anything we want. He can build us a crypto project in five minutes. And then all we have to do is find people that want to invest in it. i'm just saying but uh for me i'm not so interested in the fundamentals of this course or whatever you know what i'm interested in is there any you know are the koreans interested in this coin for example or are they going to get some listings and that's something uh you know i don't know i don't know i just don't know so this is super this is but this dump is you know who's dumping this who's doing this i really don't know So even though if I would buy this crap, I would use play money.

01:01:59
And what is play money? Play money is money. You know, this is play money. So if you ever hear me say play money, remember this. This is play money. So you're sitting home with your boyfriend, girlfriend, or with your son, nephew, whatever. And he's telling you, hmm, I'm hungry. Okay. Should we order something? Yes, let's order something. What are you going to order? Let's do Burger King. Okay. What do you want? I want two burgers, some fries, some drinks for two persons or three persons. Okay. That's play money. So the exact amount that you're going to pay for that shit food or McDonald's or whatever. So that same amount, that's play money. So, you know, you're sitting at home. You know what?

01:02:45
I'm going to put like, you know, 30 bucks, 40 bucks of SNS and I'm going to buy it. And you know I'm gonna forget about it, maybe it's gonna make me 10x 20x 30x I don't know, and then you know, when you get hungry instead of ordering your burger from King, you just make yourself a sandwich at home, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, it's that easy, it's that easy. So uh, that's about SNS, uh, then we've got this one from Salsara, who was eyeing Housecoin because I think Ansem is buying this. I think I saw it myself that he was flipping Fartcoin in this Housecoin. By the way, guys, keep an eye on this Housecoin.

01:03:32
It could be the next, you know, if this Ansem guy has got a lot of, you know, I already, you guys know what I did with Ansem, right? Or did you guys forget? Just tell me, please. You guys know what I did with Ansem. Did you guys know what I did with Anson? You guys don't know what I did with Anson. I know you guys don't care. You forget it, that's just how you guys are. That's just how you guys are. You just forget everything. Let me tell you what I did with Anson. I'm going to show you what I did with Anson. I didn't even know. By the way, guys, I didn't even know who Anson was. And I still don't know who he is. And I don't even want to know who he is. I don't care about it. So there was one guy. He told me, listen, I'm talking. Did you know that? Oh. We hit the 130. He told me, did you know that Ansen is chilling this far? I don't. It was around over here. Well, he's very bullish on it, and he says he's going to make one. Okay, open the shorts.

01:04:35
But let me tell you, because I was explaining Salsa with this. Do you really think that my decision to short Fartcoin over here was based on because Anson was shilling it? No, guys. That's just for show. That's just for entertainment. The decision why I decided to show Fartcoin over there is because of other things. Other professionals, they would see it. It's not because, because, because Anson's talking. But, you know, but, you know, but this buy zone at 20 cents was, I think that this is the best performing coin that is on the long ETF. This is a five, six, seven, X. It's you know this is this is really the best performing coin uh

01:05:26
so uh but it's not uh so let me go uh very fast through some points that we also guys it's a long stream I'm sorry but you know the weekend is coming in and it's the most important uh stream because most of people they trade in the weekends and I really need to prepare you for this uh, the ones that have been getting wrecked over here I'm sorry for you. I told you to just stay away from it uh I saw this one was pumping again but I was I already told you guys this thing I already explained you guys but this was nasty. But look at this, we closed above the indie. This was look at this, I told you so. If you took that trade well, congrats to you and then we got signal, you know you remember signal? I told you over. Here's a sign, I told you guys, sign is giving me a sign. You know, this was our sign. I know that some of you guys still got this position open. I know. I just know it. I just know that you guys still have this position open. I told you sign is giving us a sign.

01:06:41
Let's see how big the sign was. 34%. That's a great sign. Okay, guys. That's about it, guys. I have to close it up. Thank you all for watching. Thank you for joining in. Be prepared, guys. Just like I explained to you at the beginning. Be prepared. Let's see how the markets are going to close. If they're going to close in red, that will change because I will not be there. So if they're going to close on red, that will change everything. Focus more on the shorts, dad. But even if you are going to focus on the shorts, wait for levels to hit because keep in mind that these guys are also autistic. Most of the times on Fridays and Saturdays, they like to pump markets up. So wait for the Sundays.

01:07:30
Sundays are much easier to short the crap out of. But keep in mind how this one is very important, how it's going to close. Please keep an eye on this one. So if this one really is going to show a lot of power, because, you know, I know just FOMC is coming, so they will probably, they're going to push. Although this is a lot of resistance, by the way, guys. But they will, you know, they might push this up. They could. They really could. Although it's really madness if this thing goes even up to these levels, in my opinion. But with the Fed coming, you know, it's just what they do. It's just what they do. You cannot help these guys. It's just what they do. So if this thing runs up over here and closes in green, we might get really a nice. We're going to get a nice weekend either way, short or long. But it will help you to know, listen, are we going to focus more on the longs or on the shorts? I think it's going to be a great trading weekend for those who are going to trade on the weekends, the altcoins. And today also, have a nice one. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one.