*** Live Stream 05-01-2025 What are the Koreans Pumping Next *** 

00:00:02
Welcome, welcome, RetoFirm MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto GTC. Welcome, RetoFirm. Welcome into the stream. Yes, live stream. We're going to talk about the markets. We just had GDP coming in below expected. As you guys can see, well, the market is not liking that. So we're dumping a bit now over here. So be very careful with your longs. So that's what we're seeing over here. See this is basically what I put it here. This was the JDB and that's what we're seeing now, by the way guys, so this Dumpy over here from the indicator down and it's going down. But as you guys know before any numbers you are already told you that I'm bearish and I think that we have to come down and then you know, basically, What happens is the news comes after it most of the times.

00:00:52
Oh, it's just what it is. It's just what it is. So Let's see if they're going to hold the indicator on the 4-hour, hold this support level over here. If this thing will lose support over here, by the way, guys, and we go down more, be very careful. So be very careful with your longs because those could get destroyed. Also, Bitcoin, by the way, how is Bitcoin reacting to this? Well, Dominus is going up. How is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is also not liking this. But, you know, guys, as you guys can see, we hit into this resistance line and, you know, it just stays over there. It just stays over there. And, you know, it's just like when, you know, like I showed you yesterday on the Indy, they stay there, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, then they ramp up.

00:01:36
And this is the opposite of that, actually. So what you're seeing over here is sometimes it's, you know, hold, hold, hold, hold, and then down. But I have to say that Bitcoin is holding pretty strong for now while this one is nosediving. So this one is nose down but you know we hit it over here; we didn't even, also uh was a bit uh, look I was looking at um, it was a little bit you know, a little bit I saw that it's not really uh you know the power that we're seeing from Wall Street, I was not seeing it because normally uh we should have been over here and this was yesterday, a little bit of pathetic you know; I said okay why is this thing not pushing like this candle over here.

00:02:21
Normally what we would see, we would see walls pushing this to here and then dump it down, but they did it. So they just, you know, they broke above, they're just chopping around over here. And now, you know, after the news, you know, I also don't get it. What do people expect? Do you expect good news with Terraforce, with whatever is going on in the world, inflation, DXY? Do you actually expect, you know, I don't know. Look at this thing. Oh, it's going hard now. It's going hard. Don't ask me, MW, are you in the US 500 short? Of course I am. Of course I am. Of Course I am. But I hope that this thing would have hit this one, to be honest. So this is something that is a little bit different.

00:03:13
So welcome, welcome, familia. Welcome fam welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome so yeah it was a big day I took you with me to Token 49 in Dubai so I took you with me a little bit I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I know you guys probably want to know a lot about that so I'm gonna say something about it in a moment and then we'll head into the charts because that's the most important part, guys, that's the most important part. So what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got how it was. I'm going to tell you. Trevor, we've got Tram, we've got Supak, Pedro, Ziggy, Mark. We've got Leon, we've got Kier, Jeff, Blaze. Broodje Frikandel for lunch. Lekker, joh. I don't know.

00:03:58
Are you eating that? I don't eat that, by the way, bro. You know, if you're eating it, well, I hope you like it. Alika Bear is in the house. Akib. What have I got? What have I got? We've got Craig, we've got Elfroyan and Luca. Rex a bracket Daniel Karima sees we got Elena in the house Mom and Ollie spaceman. We got del vision. I got more Ziggy exclaro Altamont Marissa harmonia Biggie Christian riff Bob JJ. Yeah, but our top dog is in the house We got GTC One Pluses in the house. We got El Floriano. So, Salswa in the house. Salswa with a trend. Walid, Grizzly, Ellen, Andrea, Sylvia, Scott Sata. Oh, my God. I love it. You know, Scott Sata. I just like that name. Danny Dix.

00:05:01
We got Riff Pop, Lazy Bear, Crypto Fiori, Pip, Flakes FT, BTC Boomer, Get Action. Josh Timothy Straub. Timothy Straub. Timothy Straub. My name is Timothy Straub. I love it. So it's still dumping. It's still dumping over here. And Bitcoin is holding pretty strong. Remarkable. Brilliant. For now, Bitcoin is really holding super strong. I'm Sadiq Sway, acting on this news. Also not liking this a lot okay okay okay yeah let's see this new guy, I have to analyze it myself. Also by the way so I need to see what's going on so uh so token 49 yes guys so uh first of all it was super hot warm also inside um so I was there uh pretty early it was fine uh but you know around you know like two hours later These guys sold too many tickets.

00:06:06
It was just too overcrowded. It was just too much. A lot of people, doors open, air conditioning not able to cool the place. And I think that also Token49, I just don't get it. Why didn't they do the event on a bigger place? So it was pretty small and it was, you know. You couldn't even talk to someone because there was just no space. And if you're going to sell this number of tickets, at least go to a big place where people at least can talk to each other and hear each other. So it was super overcrowded, very hot, and you couldn't move. So, I definitely don't like that, I just don't like that, so you know if you go early it's good because you can do your thing and then after when the crowd comes in, you just go out, so yeah, let's see.

00:07:10
But I think that most of these guys, also because I was invited to a lot of after parties, whatever, I told them that's not my style, guys, I'm no, I'm no after party guy, I've you know, I've had those years in my life, it's, I'm too old for that crap. But it's uh. So basically, that's it. I was looking for the Koreans. So there are no Koreans over there. Let me just say it like this. And also, it was a little bit disappointing to me, this event, to be honest, because you know, I was expecting a lot of new projects out there promoting whatever some new technologies and doing whatever it is. But you know at the end of the road, it's always the same.

00:07:53
Just like I'm always saying, it's about the money, and I think that the tag in crypto. It's a little bit dying. Yeah, I have to be honest with you. It's a little bit dying because you know, there were a lot of exchanges out there promoting their exchanges. So, all the exchanges that I know in the world actually so they were like, 'you know that's it' and 'you know and 'you got some, some metaverse projects well you know you guys know how I feel about metaverse and NFTs and whatever so not interested and so that's it. I haven't seen any exciting, and then, and then you had this OKX stage where you had all these people, I made a picture for you guys someone explaining how terrorists impact the crypto markets well you guys know.

00:08:41
Let me just tell you this, guys. There's nothing, there's nobody out there that could tell me something new that I don't know already. That's basically it. So, you know, it's, you know, these events are more about networking, you know, everyone, you know, changing cards, changing telephone numbers, changing. telegram accounts etc so it's just connecting with each other these people because also let me be honest with you i you know i spoke to a lot of people there and you know my first question to them was uh well are you triggered there are no trainers out there i couldn't find any trigger most of the people that are out there you know they're either marketing people they're eating uh you know there was one guy he asked me he told me listen So, what do you do?

00:09:42
Where do you keep your funds? Do you keep them in Ethereum, in Solana, in Bitcoin? I told him, I keep them in USDT, and I flip my USDT into fiat, and then I keep my money. For example, I invest in forex, in yen. I flip to yen. I flip to silver, gold, oil, etc. That's how I like to keep my money safe. He told me. Don't you own any Bitcoin? I told him no. He was shocked. He was shocked. He was just shocked. I told him, what's going on over here? Why is this guy shocked? These guys, people that are out there, they come from all over the world. You got a lot of this management, management investors. By the way, a lot of Dutch people are also over there.

00:10:38
And, you know, I just don't get it. I just, you know, it's, you know, I think I'm, you know, I'm the worst person to go to events like this. I'm really the worst person to go to events like this. You know, I'm, you know, I just don't get it. For me, for me, so my honest opinion is I think that that place is more for networking. So, you know, whatever. So networking, that guy is an influencer there and he's an influencer there. Okay, you get to know each other. Okay, maybe collaboration, et cetera. So for me, that's not going to work because I'm anonymous. So nobody will ever know who I am. So it's out there. It's more, this is the relations.

00:11:19
And a lot of food, a lot of drinks, a lot of food, a lot of, you know, whatever. So that's why I also tweeted when I was leaving, like, what am I doing here? You know, I just, I just, I just, I don't know. Oh, by the way, I saw, let me, let me, let me give you guys some, the people that you guys know. Who did I see? I saw Ren over there. He was together with this, what is his name again? Paul? I think Paul, you know, this English guy. No, this Heath Paul, you know, the Paul or whatever. So he was sitting doing a chat with him. I saw George. We're all George. I'm George. I saw some exchange directors. I saw some influences out there.

00:12:10
I saw some, basically, that's it. It was a bit, you know, my dreams to meet BitBoy. That would be the highlight for me at that event. But I didn't meet BitBoy. You know, I want to meet BitBoy. That's my icon. You know, that's my Iron Man, Superman. That's BitBoy. BitBoy would escape. So I wanted to see BitBoy. I didn't see BitBoy. What a disappointment. I'm going to cry. So, you know, I had my, you know, I wanted to sell, I wanted a picture with BitBoy. So BitBoy was not there. No, so I didn't see him at least. Wasn't BitBoy in jail? Was he going to jail, whatever? You know, you can say whatever you want about BitBoy, you know, but I love BitBoy.

00:12:57
You guys, You know, I love, I think, but I don't know if he's in jail, but I love BitBoy, guys. And you know why I love BitBoy? Whatever it is that he was doing, but, you know, the way that he did things and those aggressive, you know, when he got aggressive, when he got mad, shouting, because, you know, I love that about him. But, you know, you have to come to a conclusion because, you know, I also was talking to some big names out there on the event. What is crypto all about? It's very simple. Crypto is about making money. That's it. That's it. It's about making money. And how do you make money? Well, you make money by buying low, selling high, or shorting or loaning. That's how you make money in crypto.

00:13:47
That's it. Everything else is a fairy tale, whatever. So my focus is always on that. If you would follow my live streams or my tweets, I'm only talking about how to make money. You know, I don't care if it's today, it's Ethereum. Tomorrow, it's Solana. Then it's XRP. Then it's Fartcoin. I don't care. I'm only focused on making money. That's the only focus that I have in crypto. But when you go to those events and you see a lot of big names and people in crypto, that's not what it's about. It's about marketing. It's about, you know, I don't know, you know, maybe I already said too much, but, you know, that's just my honest opinion. So, you know, there is nobody out there that, you know, you know, I ask like three or four persons.

00:14:37
What do you think about the Koreans? Koreans? What are you talking about? What is it? Are you not seeing what the Koreans are doing? No. What are they doing? This is madness, guys. This is crazy. So, what are you doing there? I understand now why I don't go to these events. You know, it's just, in my opinion, one big, you know, if you, I understand that, you know, like, like, you know, influencers go to these events because why? Because they connect to each other and they, you know, you have to see it like this is one big circle and then they go discuss with each other. How can we grow? How can we more in this and this? Let's collaborate. Let's do this. So it's all, you know, the entertainment show.

00:15:24
Because there was one guy, he told me this. He told me, listen, it's just one entertainment show. And it's also what, unfortunately, a lot of people in crypto-they like. They like to go. They just like the shows, the giveaways, the drama, the soap series, the this, the that. They just love this. People love this. And if they would just use their healthy minds, they should, okay. If I want entertainment, I just put on Netflix or or whatever, I'm gonna watch myself a quality show, whatever, uh, so why are you wasting your time in crypto? In crypto, if you want to waste, if you want to go into crypto, focus on what matters most is how to protect your capital, how to make money, how to trade, how to know what to buy when to sell, that's that's what it's all about.

00:16:17
There's nobody out there talking about that. The only thing that I was hearing like, listen, we got a great after-party later, you should really come, I'm not here for the parties, guys. Okay, enough so that was, that was about, about, about token 49. And, well, that's basically it. For me, personally, it was a big disappointment. And then, you know, I was walking, walking. There was one, like, you know, VIP area. So I think that there, you know, the big names and et cetera, they were hiding there in some rooms doing whatever it is they do. So I didn't see that. So, okay, enough about that, guys. So GDP. So Bitcoin, again, is holding pretty strong over here. We have this. Oh, look at this, guys. Look at this. Look at this.

00:17:13
It's testing the full hour over here. It's testing the full hour, but it's holding pretty strong. So let me go back. Let me go back to the US 500. We're hitting over here, the support line over here. So let's see if it's going to hold or not. Keep an eye on this one, guys. This is really, really super, super, super, super important. Let's see. Let's see. He's on bill. Okay. Is he on bill? Okay. I feel for that guy, really. Dominus is flying. But if Dominus is flying, altcoins should be tanking. Well, altcoins are tanking. I'm seeing a lot of red. I'm seeing a lot of red. Let me see.

00:18:06
That is that, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, that is a data, well let's see, let's see, yeah we got we got we got we got we got that we got this all right, that one okay, let's see, let's see, let's see, we're gonna see what's gonna happen, we're gonna see what's gonna happen, let's see what's gonna happen next, let's see, let's see, what's gonna happen next, so uh, basically, uh, let's see, let's see, by the way guys, um, so this about that, it's it's now just looking if this level over here, so the 44. 70 is it gonna hold yes or no, bitcoin

00:18:42
is holding pretty strong over here, put on a four hour keep an eye on this one if it if we're gonna if we're gonna if we're gonna close below it uh that's trouble just keep in mind that's that's really trouble, so uh, so for now we're just holding the line, so let's see, let's see, it's connected by the way guys, if this thing holds if this thing goes down uh I think the bitcoin will also go down so it's just it's just a matter of if this thing is gonna hold yes or no, so okay about that, so let me go to the i saw something today i saw uh yeah this one i saw this one oh i was super surprised i didn't see this one, so the koreans, let me go to the koreans guys because it's all about the koreans And the other it's really all about the Koreans so What am I seeing over here?

00:19:32
This, this, this, this. I saw Celo. Celo, that's really, you know, that made me happy when I was seeing Celo over there. Because, you know, I have to keep repeating myself. The Koreans, what they're doing, they're really, you know, they're really, they don't care about the shillers and don't care about this paid whatever. These guys, what they're doing is that, you know, they're looking for those bottom. And every time I'm seeing these bottom coins, I'm seeing them with this, you know, getting listed on this KRW. So look at Chelo, for example. By the way, Chelo, I love Chelo, the project. The only thing that I don't love about Chelo is that tokenomics. The tokenomics are a little bit, you know, a little bit sad that they do that.

00:20:16
But, you know, look at Chelo, Chelo at the bottom. They're romping it up. Wrapping it up and uh, so uh, we got Chelo over here, so Chelo is definitely one to keep an eye on, so also over here testing the indicator and over here if this thing's gonna hold you know if the marks will close, will the markets will slow down now and we're gonna bounce again, keep an eye on Channel, we already did like what is this uh, so this thing already did like a 40 or 50 on this rise up. But keep an eye on Chelo because Chelo is super wrecked, guys. Chelo is really super. Chelo is so wrecked. Look at Chelo. But I was super surprised seeing this thing on the Korean radar. Okay, okay.

00:21:05
And then we got this one, guys. Look at this. You know, it was yesterday. I told you already. I told you, guys, this and this Bondi X, this is just the coin that I think will fly. And, you know, it was my number one coin. And look at this. Look at this. You know, I was talking about it yesterday, if you remember, over here, I think, or over here. What time did I do the live? Around here, I think. So we came back to the Indy. And, you know, just from this point over here to the top, 72%, this is after. So not from here. This is. After I talked about it, indicated, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Guys, you really, really, really have to start focusing.

00:21:49
If you're not making these gains, something is not good. You just have to make money on this. I don't know how to explain myself, but you really have to focus here. This will happen on a lot of coins. I'm telling you, I'm telling you over and over again, you know. The Koreans are ruling the altcoin markets now; they can make you really super rich but you have to act on it, you have to listen because this Pundi X is super bullish, super super bullish! Even now, it's still super bullish. This thing could make another leg up and another leg up and another leg up. It's already because we yesterday when I shared it, it was at a market cap now it's 137. So this thing at the indie could make its next leg up. This is you know the Koreans are on this one. Why is everyone talking about this Alpaca? What's going on why is everyone so interested in this? What is this Alpaca, Alpaca? Let me see, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca. Where is this one?

00:23:34
Oh, Alpaca, oh, Alpaca, oh, Alpaca, Alpaca, Alpaca. Now, Travel11, he asked me about this and MW, Alpaca, this and that. I'm going to get the list out to them. Listen, bro. It's very simple. You know, just don't short it. Just stay away from it. Just stay away from it. Because, you know, you have this dumbed down and then this is just textbook what they do. This is just leverage. This is what they do. This is just leverage. And this is what they want to do. This is what I like to do. So this is just, in my opinion, this is just textbook hunting retailers down on the exchange. That's just what this is. So, is layer pumping? I don't know. I don't know. Layer, you know, layer is my new stable point.

00:24:26
Is layer pumping? Where is layer? Let me see where layer is. Layer, layer, layer, layer, layer. Where are you? Oh, here's layer. What's going on with layer? Ah! Layer made, you know, layer is, you know, layer is very simple. What layer is doing, layer is just flushing out shorts. That's what layer is doing, you know. And to be honest, be my guest, just keep doing it, keep doing it over and over and over again. The more you're flushing out, the bigger the games will be. Because this, what you're seeing over here with layer, what's going on with layer, this is really one of the toughest chase trades to make. But you have to do it. So layer, for example, we had this retrace because we had this rise up.

00:25:11
This was a pretty strong rise up, by the way, this one. This one also for chase trading. This is very hard to chase trade because this just didn't want it. You know, we had this one. And then yesterday, yesterday, before or after I was talking to Salsara, I told her, listen, between 3. 2 and 3. 3. That's where, you know, that's where they will probably cool it down. Because we were talking about it yesterday over here. It was over here, I think, yes, around this time. Then I told her, they will probably ramp it up to the three, between three, two, three, three. And I told her, and then they will dump it. So exactly like I told Salsara, by the way, she's here. So don't think that I'm, you know, that's exactly what I told her.

00:25:57
So that's what happened over here. So now this ramp up, I think, I think, let me show you. Let me tell what I think. I think that this is what they're doing. They're just flipping. They're just flipping. I think that this is happening on Binance, to be honest. I think that Binance is doing this. So I think that Binance is ramping up this. I think that Bitcoin is getting flipped into layers to just flush out the people. That's what I think. But, you know, for me, I'm not going to give this coin a lot of attention. because that's not healthy especially for the people that are chase trading this i'm just gonna let them

00:26:37
do whatever is that listen for me this is my stable coin you know uh yesterday let me show you something else very important in addition to the chase trading strategy but this is something i want to show you is very important i already said it but very important for you guys in in chase trading especially on other coins also look guys Suppose that you're trace trading this, and suppose that you want to add to your position. Listen, guys, you have to keep in mind that if this thing ramps up and it doesn't lose the 15 minutes, it can also hatch this and long this on the indicator. So even if you are shorting it for the chase trade, you can long this and hatch it based on the indicator, but only on the indicator.

00:27:20
So, for example, if the 15 minutes, this is so strong, don't add to your short, just wait. Wait and then over here, this could be an over here, you could add to your shorts so you put in more shorts and then over here, you wait for it, wait at all, then this this this zone that I calculated in, you cannot calculate that I understand that it sucks but it's you know this is what I do so I know that over here will probably this thing will dump down, so but you could have over here add it to your short again not over here don't do this over here this is where you add to your short again.

00:27:57
So as long as this thing is holding momentum above the indicator, just don't add to your position because if you add to your position over here or over here, they will wreck you. It keeps going up. You have to find the moment when it will lose power. And that's when you – so this was the moment. And this was the moment. And this was the moment to add to your shorts. And then just let it. But when it comes down, you have to take profits. So, for example, the – the amount that you've made over here and over here, you have to take profits and this ramp up uh either I really have no

00:28:34
clue what they're doing so this could be that you know they're just flushing out the shorts but again guys, you know I don't give this thing a lot of attention anymore for me, I know that over here uh the profits were taken and I know that on this ramp up whatever this is uh I've got a field again you know because you've got over here this one this one and then over here the orders the profit that have been taken in I don't even have to do something, I know that I've gotten hit over here if at least this is on OKX if it's the same on Binance. Beauty next, etc then I've got another hit over here and I just don't care about it, I just don't care about it, guys I'm just gonna wait until you're gonna see you see this big candle up, you're gonna see the same candles down.

00:29:22
And maybe this will be only one, two. Those will be three, four, five candles like this. Down, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. That's what I'm telling you. It's my stable coin. I just don't care about it. I just throw money in it. I just don't care about it. It's over there. It's just like you have to see. It's like you're having some funds. You're holding them, whatever. You want to buy the dip or whatever. So, for example, you've got your investment portfolio and you're 30% in and 70% you've got USDT. So instead of holding it in USDT and waiting to buy the dip, This is how I do it. I just throw it in here. Throw it in Layer. This is my stable coin. This is my stable coin.

00:30:04
So it's just how to do it. So what is this? What do we got? I'm not scared to admit that Layer wrecked me. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. Let me point out this one. So I'm not scared to admit that Layer wrecked me. Biggest loss. But I learned more. From layer than any other coin in crypto, but it's it's it's you know, you have to you have to respect the chase trading strategy because you know, I'm just repeating myself now, but let me let me say it again: when you go into any trade to chase trade, you have to be prepared for it, so you know, okay.

00:30:41
This coin might do a double, a 2x, a 3x; could happen, I have to be prepared for that, I'm going to prepare myself for if this thing is going there because, This thing doubled. If you went in around 160, 170, 180, we didn't even double. And if you are getting wrecked while this thing just doubled, I'm sorry to say, but you're doing it wrong. You're not doing it my way. You're not doing the MWA. For sure not. You're not doing it that way. I really have no clue what you did there. So it's basically. You have to understand that when they start hunting the shorts, they could just triple the price. And I think they need a lot of money to do it on this coin, by the way.

00:31:31
It's very hard, but I'm prepared for it. So when they want to ramp this up, ramp it up. Because the more you ramp it up, the bigger the gains will be for me. That's the MW style. That's how I think. And I don't care about it, you know, but it's uh so it's but but if you are getting wrecked on on a layer, you're doing it wrong, you're doing it super super wrong and uh well that's all I have to say, and let me say something else also. Listen guys, it's very simple: I never ever ever ever ever break a promise, never break a promise. So whatever it is that you're seeing now, We've seen it on Fartcoin. We've seen it on Notcoin. We've seen it on Bera. We've seen it on Sui.

00:32:15
We've seen it on Anna. We've seen it on a lot of those coins. Because, you know, at some point, if you are in leverage and you're oversizing yourself, it feels like this thing is mooning. It's not mooning. This thing is not mooning. It looks like it's mooning. This thing didn't even double up. There are coins from the Korean, like BambiX, for example, that that are doing a two three four five x this thing didn’t even double up and you’re feeling like oh no but it’s you know oh wait a minute oh I’m getting wrecked but when you feel like you’re you’re getting wrecked it means that you are overestimating yourself I don’t even look at this you know I didn’t you know even if this thing would dump down out to two bucks I don’t care I just don’t care I’ll probably take some profits but I don’t care then I’ll leave it there.

00:33:05
What do you think? You think that I’m, you know, when I made the decision, I’m going to chase traders, it means I’m going to destroy it. That simple. And I haven’t been wrong the past years. So if Mayer is wrong, please do prove me wrong, that MW is wrong. And, you know, I understand when you over-size yourself in a trade, when you oversize yourself in a trade, it feels like this thing is the most bullish coin in the world. But that means that you're oversizing yourself. You have been putting in too much money. But if you, for example, let's say you put in, just like I explained, only to 20%, max 20% of your portfolio you're using for this position. You wouldn't care about it.

00:33:51
You just wouldn't care about it. This is your investment. You're going to invest. But again, guys, I really have no clue what the reason is for this bump. Why this pump happened. And in my opinion, the only thing that I can, the only thing that I can think of is that they're flushing, that, you know, they're just flushing out the shorts. And, you know, I already told them openly on X, you cannot flush me out. You cannot shake me out. It's impossible. So just, you know, but the problem is, is that, you know, Maybe people that follow me don't know me. They didn't see the training course with they don't know how it works Those will probably get wrecked if you don't know how to do it.

00:34:37
So that's why I'm telling you, you need to watch the training course with and you need to respect my rules. You need to respect them if you respect my rules, they cannot wreck you. It's impossible for them; it's just impossible to wreck you. It's the only thing that they could do, if they really try hard, they can give you a red P &L for a period of time. That's all they can do to you. That's all. And then at some point, the cash machine opens. The ATM opens again. And then what you're going to do is you're going to start taking, you know, yeah, well, you know, I need 500 bucks a day. Yeah, why not? Let's go to later. Okay, I'm going to close like, you know.

00:35:23
Four percent of my position up, I take 500 bucks and then you know some days later, you know, I want to, I need another $1k. Let's go to layer like an ATM, you put in the pin, yes, I'm gonna close at 11, I need $1k. This is how I see it, this is how I've been doing it, this is how it works. The only thing is, you know, so I think so if you are getting wrecked on this, it means that you're doing it wrong. You're just doing it wrong. You're not respecting my rules. And again, again, because look, what are we seeing now live? What is this? What are we seeing here? What are we seeing? So what are we seeing? So we had this ramp up.

00:36:08
So look, look, it already isn't fast enough in my opinion, but it already came down. Like four percent from the pump of how much did it pump on this? What did it pump? It popped eight percent, so already the half is gone. Maybe in in like 10 minutes this thing will be at the indicator. You have to keep uh, keep an eye here. So if you got filled over here, I would take some potential profits over here on the five-minute and then I would take it to the 50-minute and then I would take also a little bit of profits over here three bucks again, so this is the style. So if this thing bounces up, you're gonna fill in again. If this thing closes below the indicator, okay then it's uh, it's you know.

00:36:51
So let me put on alarm by the way. But guys, you cannot Imagine how important it is what I just told you the past 10 minutes, it's it's you know Yeah, you know, that unlock is, everyone knows that they're getting an unlock, but it's 30%. But that's not a reason to short this. You have to understand this. That's not a reason. That shouldn't be the reason to short this. You know, an unlock is never a reason to short, because if you're going to short based on an unlock, they will wreck you. They will wreck you. And, you know. There is a trading course coming, 'How to Trade' Unlocks There is a trading course with coming on how to trade, uh, funding rates and I'm going to explain exactly because let me tell you this in a normal situation now.

00:37:44
Now, in a normal situation now is the time if a coin gets unlocked to dump very hard now where we are in now Larry is not doing that at this moment. So, this could only mean one reason to me: too many shorts are opened already. So because what happens most of the times is this, that a lot of people-what they do is they trade; they short coins on unlocks when they get unlocked. That's the amateur way. Don't short a coin when it gets unlocked. Short a coin. Before the unlock happens, and most of the time that means like at least so three days, three days before the unlock you should already be closing your shorts because after in those three days, that's when the dump money come in when a dump money comes in, that's when they will start wrecking them and pumping their price up just like basically you're seeing on Alka Paka or Opaca or whatever the name is so it's the same story, those are news traders.

00:38:51
Opaca delisting, so it's gonna dump and then they're gonna open up shorts and then you know, Binance thinks you want to show this because I'm delisting it okay, wait a minute I'm gonna first liquidate all of you because I know exactly where your liquidation levels are, I'm gonna liquidate all of you and and and then I'm Gonna dump it down, what are you gonna do, nothing? But if you would do it the NW style, you just listen. Listen, guys. Just listen. Do it the professional way. So this layer, whatever that layer, I don't even care about layer. Layer could pump up to six, seven bucks. I don't care about it. I just really don't care about it. This is my stable coin. And this stable coin, I'm going to cash this one out bit by bit.

00:39:37
Every time when I'm going to cash it out, I'm going to show you what I'm cashing out. Listen, guys. I'm cashing out this and this and this. By the way, this bag has already got filled on like, you know, what is it? Now I think three to four trades. So a lot of money is in here. So those shorts are there. Maybe they're attacking me, but they cannot attack me because I've been doing this for years. They never attack me. And we also, by the way, it's very important that you do this on one trading account. You can open up three. Bluffing accounts? If you want, you can open up 10 bluffing accounts if you want, you know it's non-KYC. But same story, so you just you know and that's how you do it.

00:40:18
This is by the way only if you are a high volume trader, so not if you are a small trader. If you're a high volume trader, if you're just a small trader, just you know just to look at it, so okay, so enough about layer guys, every freaking time when I say I'm not gonna talk about Layer, I end up talking about Layer, I don't know why I don't know but maybe because they pumped now. So Koreans, let me show you guys another coin. CVC. CVC, guys. CVC, look at this. This is an all-dog. This is really an all-dog. CVC. Civic. Koreans. I just don't know why, but Koreans, guys. Again, Koreans. By the way, Civic has been holding pretty, pretty strong. Look at this, guys.

00:41:09
This so after all these weeks Civic didn't come back into this level while it should, this is a little bit a little bit a little bit bullish. Let me let me let me check there. Let me check them Let me check this CVC Civic Yeah, it's healthy, you know, this is this is exactly an example of a coin that you know has no sellers left this is you know this is this this is this is exactly an example of that so you got you got an altcoin that you know over here there are just no sellers left crazy I didn't say that but it's really like that so there are no cells left that's why it holds normally this thing would have dumped down to three cents it did it so it's holding the line over at six or seven cents And we're going up over here.

00:42:07
So getting tested on the indicator. Just keep it on civic. It's the Koreans are on it, guys. Koreans are doing this. So, and then we got this one. I was like, what is this? Are you seeing this? This is Pundi AI. I think it's somehow related to Pundi X. Could be. Could be. But what is this? Pundi AI. I really have no clue what this is. But this is, by the way, guys, also, again, the Koreans. The Koreans are on it. So, but, you know, I mean, I need to get, you know, because what I'm seeing is, is that the Koreans are only flipping, I'm only seeing, I'm only seeing, I only see up it, but up it only has got what they're doing is up it is only pumping this on bitcoin.

00:43:13
Okay, interesting, this is really super interesting. Let me see, let me see one moment, please, this is This is pretty interesting. You know, you guys will probably think, why is this interesting, MW? This thing already dumped and whatever, whatever, what are you talking about? I'm going to take you with me, why this is interesting. Let me show you why this is interesting. I'm going to show you why this is interesting. One moment, please. In the AI, okay, and then, ah, so this is what I'm looking for. so this coin is this coin is on bithump it's available on the krw but it's not on it's not on a bit so what happens if this coin gets the krw pair what do you think will happen on a bit i think it will pump super super hard but you know the the question is if But, you know, most of the time when Upbit lists coins like, you know, BTC pairs, USDT pairs, they always follow up with this KW. So this will push this price up. I'm not liking the tokenomics, by the way. I don't even know what this coin is about or so.

00:44:54
Omni-layer data tagging and the AI agents to a market blocker, this is really a travel 11 uh a travel 11 things upon the AI, I'm gonna be super honest with you guys, I'm getting a little bit tired from these coins; it's all AI, they all got utility, the odd whatever, no just whatever you know. It's not getting heated up by this, but so that's about this one and then I saw this one also, Koreans look at this guy's blast, you remember Blast? Look at this there you go, look at this guy's above the indicator over here; this is it, over here this is the test off, she goes uh if she goes boom, boom, uh. By the way, how is the market reacting by the way, Omar, oh it's still here,

00:45:47
still here, okay, so let me come back; so listen, this is the Korean, listen; the Koreans don't care a lot about financial markets you know, so this is also super super bullish for altcoins when donors starts dumping down these Koreans, when they, you know, when they want to pump a coin they Just don't care about anything, and you know the the the most important part is that these guys are they just buy on spot. I'm blowing so uh when they trade it on spot and we push it with leverage up it goes very hard, so this blast also look at this and this is exactly what I've been teaching above the indicator retest it and off she goes. Um, what do I got more?

00:46:35
So basically these are the coins that I wanted to show you today, that you know my eye was catching. So for example like yesterday we had this so yesterday, you know this uh, what is it where are you so this point day one day one day keep on this point day because pundi as you know do you really? Want to know how much volume is on for one? It's you know it's number one so on update at this moment PundiX is number one highest volume so the volume on on PundiX is higher than on XRP, for example. It's crazy. It's madness. These Koreans are diggers, bro. So look over here. So now they're retesting. So if the markets will allow this thing, you know, the next leg up with this volume is, you know, it's just a matter of time, you know.

00:47:31
So they just want to ramp it up. They're super, super bullish on this coin. So, you know, you have to, you know, at some point you just have to respect the damn indicator and just, you know. What is this thing going to do? What's going to happen? Pundi, Pundi, Pundi, Pundi. Is the team loaning this? Let me check for a moment. Pundi. Oh, by the way, also very, very, very interesting to know is that yesterday I checked Pundi and all the exchanges, it was not there. Now it's on Blovin. I saw it on Blovin. I don't know, Bitunex, I didn't check it. But Pundi is available on Blovin today. Yesterday, when I checked, there was no pointy over there because you remember over here I told you this might be a good one but it wasn't available, so it is it is you know it's it's super crazy you know I just don't I just don't get it I just don't get it.

00:48:26
They they are very fast in listings. I spoke by the way to uh to some exchanges today about the listings and how they list and you know these guys are super fast now these guys are really super fast but this you know this coin a This is exactly how you have to treat these coins. You have to look at them, you know, and then out of nothing, they go boom, boom, boom. But you have to respect the indicator because you have to see it like this. Why am I keep repeating myself about my indicator? Because this is my indicator. So if these Koreans are trading, they're trading based on my indicator and not the other way around. So they're trading based on mine. And you guys are trained to trade this indicator.

00:49:07
They don't know that. So what are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? Make the damn money. So that, you know, you've got the indicator out there. It protects you against all these freaks. Okay, so let me know. Let me see the list if I'm seeing some pumps. Sonic, I talked about this yesterday. Do you remember? Do you guys remember? I told you yesterday, these guys, they have, I think, some kind of event coming up. And when the event comes up and the Koreans are also in play, So, you see, when was it? Yesterday. Tuesday. It was over. When did I talk about it? Tuesday. Over here, I think. Yes, over here. Look. To the indicator, exactly. And off she went. These guys have an event going on, guys.

00:49:59
You have to keep an eye on this sonic thing. But wait a minute. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. No. I thought maybe. is this thing related let me see is this related to layer i think it is i think it is i've seen this because we had this one 16 15 and then 16 15 and then we had this pump at at 16 45 16 45 60 45 why is the same people doing this 60 45 why 64 no no no no no no it's not related no no it's not related i know that they are related but i thought maybe it were the same same scamming people in crypto doing the same thing over here so uh let me see we got nkn also finding some momentum and well do you guys remember this by the way for the ones that do remember this you guys know i don't have to say it

00:51:07
so let me see do we got some big dumps or big pumps from altcoins let me see what do we got over here hi-fi alpha also koreans but by the way guys this whole list is koreans so this this purple uh uh purple not purple what is this whatever color this so your drift look at drift and again guys just let me zoom it in for you guys so you can see it very good on your screen Are any of you guys watching this live stream on a very big screen? Let me know in the chat. Does anyone have a screen, like, you know, I love screens by the way. So don't ask me, you know, I spend a lot of money on screens, especially, you know, you know, some people like cars, some people like jewelry, some people like whatever I like, you know, I just love, I love, I love, uh, I like, I like, uh, I like TVs.

00:52:08
That's what I like. That's what I like. That's my thing. But look at this. So basically what I'm doing is I'm zooming in. Look at this. Look at this. Up, up, up, up. Hold, hold, hold, hold. Boom. And it's like, you know, I can show you guys a lot of charts. These Koreans, I'm telling you. I don't know how many times I need to repeat myself. You know, maybe I should have at this token 49, I should have just opened up my own, you know, my own, how do you call it? Center or whatever. And then, yeah, MW, MW indicator. Come people with a lot of money. I'm going to show you how you can get filthy rich by just doing as I'm explaining you.

00:52:59
Because, you know, the thing is about this, what hurts me most is that. I warned you about it. So I told you already over here. Listen, guys, this thing, if it goes up, comes back, it will hold the line on the daily. You have to expect those moves up. I even told you. Oh, yeah. Akash also. Look at Akash. Beautiful. Look at the line. Oh, MW has put a line in again. Why do you put in those lines, MW? Look at this. Beautiful. Akash also, you know. So it's, this Argo, by the way, this thing is getting, you know. Let me, okay, this is a very good, this is a very good example. Just look at this shot. Let me remove the indicator. Look at this shot. Are you seeing this?

00:53:50
This is layer. This is how I see layer. So you want to talk about layer? This is how I see layer. This is how I see layer. I'm not saying that layer will do the same. I don't know. Nobody knows. But my, you know, the thing that I'm doing now, I'm expecting this. So my thesis. So why am I investing? Because I see it as an investment. So we're now over here maybe, or maybe even over here. So this is my layer, you know, because this is when people, let me put it on the daily so you can see it better. Look over here. Later, oh, later, okay, ergo, oh, oh, it went up more, oh, oh, oh, more, oh, more, oh, this thing will never dump.

00:54:40
Oh, this thing is going to the moon. Okay, oh, okay, let's sort it here. Oh, no, oh, it's killing me away. Oh, and then it killed me. Oh, what, this is so painful. Oh, I'm going to get work. Oh, and this was the wreck. You see this spike up? This was when, you know, this is when they took over. Okay, it's time to flush out the shorts. So that's what they did over here. This is what you're seeing over here; they flooded let me put it on the four-hour this is the game; this is this is the crypto game, the crypto game is played like this: so they flushed out all the shorts, so they liquidated all the shorts and when they liquidated them or flushed them out, then they dumped all this-what you're seeing.

00:55:25
You were in big disbelief that Argo would never come down again; never. Also very important, nothing happened. Bitcoin is still rising. Bitcoin is a bullish momentum. Although everything in crypto was looking good, still Argo dumped like crazy. Why? There's a reason for that. And in my opinion, Layer is nothing. It's the same. So they will keep exhausting people. They will make them disbelieve. Oh, you know, okay, we're going to pump it more. We're going to pump it more. And then we're going to pump it like 10% in like five minutes. And then we're going to pump it more. Yeah, yeah. We will never, it will never, ever, ever go down again. This coin will never go down again. So this coin will never go down again. So this is exactly what they do.

00:56:16
This is what they do. So you have to keep in mind that this is, by the way, guys, this is, this is, you have to see it like this. Do you see when this happens? Because they don't flush me out. They can pump this up even more. I don't give a crap. Just pump more. So they will not flush me out. But do you guys know how much money this is? So if someone like MW is over here, not over here, by the way, I never short bottoms, but let's say over here, for example, over here, I start. This was the chase trade. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. How much money do you think I make on this? On this dump down, I'm just saying that's what I'm saying.

00:57:02
They cannot dump it without me; it's impossible – it's just basically impossible to dump this thing without me. So, uh, yeah, that's that, that's about that. Guys, that's about that. That's about that. Let's see, let's see, let's see what's gonna happen. Let's see what's gonna happen. So, Layer is making – making you know a lot of people when they're trading Layer now. They feel exhausted; they feel tired; they feel you know uh emotionally they get broken because that's what they're doing – right? They're breaking you emotionally. That's what they're doing. Look here by the way, guys. This let me remove all of this four-hour candle looks a lot like that other one. Look at this one. So, we still got two and a half hours for this thing to close.

00:57:51
Down just look at this, let me let me put it over here, oh here it is, oh no, this is a black chart, let me put it over here, guys, one moment, look at this, look at this, remove this, look at this look at this candle, look at this candle, it it depends on how it's gonna close so we're too early for now but this candle and this whole chart by the way not only the candle, look at the chart, look at the chart, look at the chart so look at the chart so let me put it on the daily, let me put it on the this whole chart, this I think this is a bit is this how much uh how much did they pump I go here, let me see we gotta do some.

00:58:47
deep diving because you know why am i showing you this i'm always trying to break the code with the koreans what they are doing that's me i'm always because you know a lot of times these koreans or whatever who they are they are autistic they do the same thing what is this this is a 14x from the bottom 14x did i measure it right i need to not make a mistake no let's it's the same okay around 13x okay let's go to layer from the bottom how far are we No, no, there is no system over here. So this thing did only a 4x 4 . 7 x Compared to this one. So this rise up was way more but this was from the bottom And did I measure the bottom?

00:59:38
Oh, yeah, I measured the bottom. So this thing, This thing cannot compare this thing to this thing. So but what we can see is that this candle, so it's all about this candle. So this candle, by the way guys, don't be surprised if this candle closes in red, don't be surprised if this candle closes in red. But, you know, that's why, you know, if you're, if you know, if you are oversizing yourself, you're just in this trade and, you know, and you keep like, you keep like watching it and, you know, everything that pushes it up, you're just, you know, you're just destroying your mind. Yes, yes, yes. I'm seeing it. Let me remove it.

01:00:30
There we go guys, but guys you have to keep in mind for the ones that are here with me-this is good, you have to hope that this thing will come down to this over here, and we need it over here and we need it over here, guys. This is bullish for us; you have to see it like this, guys. If this thing dumps down and it comes over here, over here, over here-this is when we start buying. Keep in mind because we have been buying over here, we sold over here. And now we want to buy again. And when we're going to buy again, this is just our first buy. If this ain't going to hold, fine. We're going to make a lot of money.

01:01:09
If this ain't going to dump more, we're going to buy more. So you have to really be prepared. By the way, guys, I already prepared you for this. I already explained this. I already told you when I bought. I told you when I took profits. And I think, by the way, most of the coins, I think I'm 65% in yet. But stop loss will get hits. I don't care. but listen guys this is very important if this thing dumps down from over here or lower i'm start buying i start by i i will not buy the rectangle the the the pumped ones i will only buy the retested the the retest ones on the daily those ones i'm very interested in and i'm gonna buy the the the direct coins so the the coins that are not listed on our pitch yet and

01:01:59
I put out, you know, I've shown the Koreans were not out there on the token 49, but you know, I know some people, I know some people and no, they are going to fish for me. If there is a way how we can track those listings. No, that's, we cannot go over, but this thing, but this thing, if this thing dumps down, you have to hope. So it's like, Oh, please dump down. So, um, be prepared for that by the way guys because uh, I think you all of you guys know this already but you know just in case that you don't know just in case that you don't know this thing so uh basically what we're seeing is that the Koreans are also a little bit afraid uh so Koreans are also verified oh deep is printing oh deep is printing there's still a 25 let me see a 20 there's still a 25 in on deep uh Sign is printing.

01:03:00
Bitcoin short is for sure printing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So basically, the shorts are printing like crazy now. It's only layer. Layer is, let me see. Layer is a little bit bitchy. So what Leia did is some big wheel, boom, flushed the shorts out, and we're going to dump it after it. So this is now the zone that I'm eyeing. And I think that it will break down. I think it will break down. They can keep, you know, if this was the flush out, if this was the flush out, by the way, this is a very pathetic flush out, to be honest. This is really pathetic.

01:03:50
But if this was a flush out, this thing will dump down. But, you know, I'm prepared for any scenario. So just let it see. Okay. Okay. Bitcoin is finally. Look, I see. So Bitcoin has been holding. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Oh, my God. It's just live trading today. Ah, there you go. You see? There you go. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. There you go. It just can't stay behind, you know. Yeah, Trump, but they flip Bitcoin. I can see that they flip their Bitcoin. I can see that. They do flip Bitcoin. They use their Bitcoin to pump it up, but it's just temporary. It's just to flush them out. It's just what it is. Movies being bought by the Koreans not pumped yet.

01:04:36
Yes. Movies not only. Movies not only. It's a good one. It's a good one. Let me just call you sad. Just call yourself sad. Move, move, move should be on my list. Hey, move is not on my list. Move is also Korean, right? Yeah, move is over here. And the volume is also pretty. Move, the thing is with move, move is also getting shielded by the Trump Foundation. Just in case you guys want to. By the way, guys. you know i didn't want to tweet about it oh this was something i didn't want to tweet about it but you know i was you know i was walking on that token 49 and i was thinking to myself just what if bitcoin just dropped with like 20 30k right now you know what i would do i would just open up my you know my youtube live stream and i would the only thing that i would do i would really just film all those people there and their reactions

01:05:40
seeing them while Bitcoin is dumping like 20, 30K or just 10K. So I thought that would be a super amusement for my retail firm to see that live. That would be super television. You know, I'm there; all those people, you know, all those holders, Bitcoin believers, etcetera, and then Bitcoin drops like 10K, boom. And then all those alarms go off on those telephones. And then, you know, MW just filming them. That would be really, really, really great. So, yeah, let's see. Let's see what's going to happen. Let's see what's gonna happen. So, uh, what do we have more so for now that's it basically, so move yes, we're gonna talk about I was whoa move move nice move move, you know, the thing about movies.

01:06:24
We have been shorting move a lot for the ones that remember. For the ones that remember, we have been shorting this thing to death also GTC uh, the team has been shorting move to death so for the ones that are interested, oh but mw you know basically I you know I didn't add this to my shortage if there was a reason why I did it because it's already done very well, but you have to see like this so this was trumpy I should have I should have put this on the short idea so I should this was because this was trumpy, you know Trump Foundation. You have to buy move here here guys, you have to buy move okay. Okay, Mr. Trump Foundation. 80% down. 80% down. 80% down. Move.

01:07:19
And, you know, it's always the same story for me because, you know, you see this hype, you know when move Trump. Nobody believes you. If I would tell you, okay, we got a short move here. Nobody would trust or believe me. It's impossible but you know the same will happen over here; the same will happen over here. This thing which you're seeing, the same will happen. You just have to know how to do it. Just don't be greedy, don't be you know, just you. Just have to know how to execute this trait. Be patient, be patient. I told you again and again and again. This is my stable coin. And that's it. This is my stable coin. I will keep it my stable coin. I don't know.

01:08:10
If it's going to take another month, two months, I don't care. It's my stable coin. You are my stable coin. My eyes are fully on you. And I will flip any, any, any, any, any trade on the team will be flipped to layer. Anything. The DCA will not happen in one move because that will. Cause a spike up, for example, down. It will not happen in one move, but every freaking time. Every trade you see, every green P &L you see, it will be flipped into layer. And please, guys, don't go massively short layer. Because you're seeing, if you do it the wrong way, they're going to flush you out. They're going to wreck you. They're going to wreck you. So just, if you're in it, just wait.

01:08:56
Do it as I teach you on the Just like I showed you on the training course with. And that's a professional way. And just do it like that and just go. Oh, I think I'm tired. I think I'm tired. Don't have much time for trending too much work on my pizzeria. Oh, nice that you got a pizzeria, bro. I hope that you are. I don't hope. I know. No, I don't hate it. Listen, this is, you know, this is exactly. I'm sorry, Dana, but I'm gonna say it this is exactly a comment from an amateur, this is an amateur and I know that you're laughing that it's it's like it's it's like it's like a joke, but this is just an amateuristic uh comment in my opinion, but you know I know that you're just joking, you just why why why do you hate it and uh and trend made a good comment now it's my love, it's not my, I don't hate it, I love it because I know she's going to

01:09:59
make a lot of people very rich. But listen, when you see me being bearish about an altcoin, there's always a reason for it. And the reason is not that I hate it. The reason is not that I, whatever. There's always a solid reason for it. And the reason for it is that I'm seeing that they are pumping this coin to just dump it very hard after it. That's what I'm seeing. And when they're going to do it depends on how many greedy shorts are out there. If you just short on a healthy way, good. But if there are too many greedy shorts, they could extend the pump up. But you have to see it like this. Every time, especially when you see me making a promise, there is a reason for it.

01:10:51
Because I'm seeing that they're going to destroy retainers on this coin. Just like they did on all the coins that I've been sharing. all of them there's no no there is not one coin that i called that it's going to dump 60 70 80 from that top at that moment within a range of two months that i did a nil zero i've got a 100 winning rate on those and you know you're talking about a lot of money so it's it's it's just so Dana R. So, yes, I am an amateur. It's really, really no hate. It's not personally to you. But this is just for me to make a statement to understand that, you know, we're not playing around over here. This is some serious money that's going on over here.

01:11:43
So we're really, really, you know, I like to joke also a lot, by the way. But, you know, this is now about real money. People can lose a lot of money. They can also make a lot of money. It's very important for you to understand that you know I don't, you know, it's not like I'm playing here, that's a lot of money involved over here and when I say a lot of money, a lot of money. People could, you know, retire from that money, not only people, uh, communities could retire from that money. There's a lot of money involved over here, so you have to, you have to, you know, you have to take it, you have to take it, uh.

01:12:22
So I have to take it on that side also. Okay, so guys, thank you. I think that the live stream, although I was at Token49, I'm here with you. How long am I here, Karen? One hour and 15 minutes. I can't hear you. We can't hear you again. No, they can hear me. You can't hear me. Can you write it as a comment? How long have I been here? Can you write it as a comment? One or one hour 50 minutes. You guys really know that I love right this is show me that I love you guys. We can hear you, can oh, I can't hear so it's me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, it's me so they can hear: I love you all. Thanks all for watching.

01:13:07
Thanks all for joining Tradewellmuffins, by the way. Guys, be very defensive over here. So, oh, oh, oh oh Bitcoin! Now, this is you know-let's just say that this token 49 came together with GDP, but if you would go into history and you would go to all these big Bitcoin conferences, crypto conferences, I think that 70, 80, 90% of the times you see these right candles, it's you know it's really guys. But again, I told you this yesterday already. Yes, I told you. Listen, guys, be very careful because these events-most of the times, you get a lot of big dumps after them. So keep that in mind. But this, oh, this is a pretty strong dump. Oh, it's the Bitcoin short going. You know, it's 150%. That's a lot, by the way, for Bitcoin.

01:14:15
But you have to see it also like this, guys. You know I gave you this box days ago; I gave you this box days ago. Look and you know even though that the momentum was good, I told you listen, guys: this is just the time to take profits, it's that simple. This is the time to take the profits and you know you see now it's going down, so probably let's see. How are the peanuts? Sign is going good. Deep is going good. Even wall is going good. The only one that needs to dump hard is Layer. That's the only one in the portfolio of the team that this one needs to dump hard. This thing, we need a candle down of 30, 40%. Ouch. Ethereum just dropped four percent, oh what a surprise! Okay guys, thank you all for watching, have a nice one. Follow me on Twitter, I'll update you on Twitter. Oh look at Layer scandal. Okay guys, thank you all for watching, have a nice one. Bye.