*** Live Stream 04-26-2025 Altcoins PUMPING !! *** 

00:05:17
Welcome, welcome. I've been talking to myself for 10 minutes again. Thank you so much. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself again. I've been talking to myself. You guys can hear me now, right?

00:05:39
I've been talking to myself. I'm not going to swear. I'm not going to swear. I'm not gonna swear, I'm not gonna swear, I'm not, I swear, just not gonna happen, it's okay. Welcome, welcome guys, uh, there was a post on GTC Insider and, uh, if it would reach 100 comments, we would do a surprise. So this is the surprise slides. We're going to talk about some altcoins, we're going to talk about some articles and movements and you know a little bit of education also mostly the other case because it surprises me every time again and again that I get some questions from RetoFam members, and I think to myself, oh, wait a minute, they don't understand that? They don't know that? It's very strange to me a lot of times.

00:06:22
But, you know, this is just my thing. It's not your problem. It's not your fault. It's my fault. Because a lot of times, you know, I just assume that you guys already know that. And that's not true. Those are not the facts. So that's why I'm also very, very excited about the beginners course. Uh, when I'm gonna take things to a high level from step one and I just know that from the beginning on, that you just know stuff about crypto so you know when to take a short one to not take a short one, to take a long not to take long, if you take a long how to do it or what; that's why that's so super, super important that beginner's course is so important, also the high-volume traders.

00:07:00
Uh, thing that is going to run and you know uh today I'm you know yesterday I was sick, today I'm feeling better, so I'm all day at office today, so I'm just free; And I've been tweeting a lot, showing a lot, doing a lot, whatever. So, you all saw the drama with Layer and whatever is going on. But it's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. So welcome, welcome all. Well, I'm very happy to do this live stream. I suggest you focus a little bit because we're going to talk about some altcoins today also. But honey, snack, dog, Naira, Naira, ETH, Layer. So we're going to talk a little bit about those. And I think that you should focus. You should focus because there's a lot going on.

00:07:39
Also, also, um, uh, by the way, no music today, guys. This is the second stream, so it's a surprise team, so I just want you guys, it's all a lot of alpha will be shared today, also, also, also, I wanted to say why did I want to say that so much? You know my hand is like you know I've got like a million things in my head, you know, and during those million things, you know, uh, I have to have to focus. What was it, yeah? So um, yeah, so basically there was also one guy on Twitter who told me, oh well, I didn't catch this thing, but you know, I was already like several times liquidated, so first of all, I don't know who that guy is; I've never seen him before.

00:08:20
So uh, if you are liquid at several times, you're doing exactly the opposite of what I teach, so if you would just watch Leverage Trading Course Vid One, you wouldn't be liquidated if you would have watched Leverage Trading. Course four, you would definitely not be liquidated so um, I cannot help people that either they don't know how to leverage trade or they're too greedy going in and oversizing themselves. These are the two things. I cannot help you with those. If you don't do things just like I tell you to do them, I can't help you. And it sucks. I really feel for you if you're liquidated. But if you're liquidated, maybe it's time that you stop whatever it is that you're doing. And you start educating yourself, I'm giving you guys everything you need to know.

00:09:06
Leverage trading if you just do it the way I'm showing you to do it, you should be fine, and maybe not even fine, you should be making a lot of money also, so that's you know it is what it is. It is you know I cannot change something, you know I cannot help anyone, especially that's why I keep repeating myself on Twitter. Also, listen just listen, listen just listen, and you have to also understand that most of the things that I do, I get macro analyzes, you know we analyze all the marks, connect the dots, do a lot of things, but this is especially in the weekends; it's all about those altcoins ramping up, down, boom, boom! A lot of tweets gonna happen, that's also something I do, so it's it's you know, You're getting you know.

00:09:47
Getting a lot of everything from here. So you're getting the financial markets. You're getting the thoughts, the bullish sentiment, the bearish sentiment, et cetera, et cetera. So it's really mind-blowing. And also, especially, you see a lot of coins popping up like crazy. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. In the morning, I already said it. You have to focus on the loans. Use the damn indicator. Just focus on the loans. Focus on the loans. So thank you very much. Thanks for the 100 comments on GDC Insider account. That's the result that I'm now here with you guys for the surprise and I'm gonna share with you guys some real alpha today so you're gonna learn a lot, so just focus and I'm gonna give you just it's just like real-life trading how it's working what's going on.

00:10:30
So basically what I did was, you know I've been tweeting a lot about this layer so these layers are these market makers and you know I actually, you know I'm like attacking these market makes but it's not only the fault of the market makes also the fault of certain leader fund members that went in too heavy. And I said it a lot of times, guys, just don't, don't, don't go heavy on coins like Layer or whatever. Go heavy on Ethereum, Solana, Bitcoin, Cardano, Ethereum, etc. The big caps, go there, go heavy, go heavy. And you also get a better chance to make a lot of money because you, if you trade on high, will buy a lot of money. By the way, don't think that your 5K or 10K or 20K is a lot of money.

00:11:12
By a lot of money, I mean like. People go in with like 500K on a 20X. That's 10 million. That's heavy. And believe it or not, there are some retail firm members that do that. They're crazy, but they do that. So that could impact also a little bit of price action. So just don't do that. And that's also the main reason why I'm going to go opening up this, you know. This high-volume, uh, traders' group to navigate with them and we gotta trade a lot of bitcoin, Ethereum; a lot of uh, TRC; so we gotta like it's like the top 10, the top 10, uh, the top 10, so, bitcoin, top 10 altcoins in volume, uh, in market cap, XRP, etc so we're gonna, we're gonna trade those in the high volume and you know the high-volume traders; that's how you make the most money

00:12:11
because that way we're just trading directly with real alpha, we don't, you know, we don't get manipulated by these market makers, you know, based on the amount of money that you're putting in, so let's see, by the way, guys, it's already almost starting, so DM me please, uh, if you want to join that group, so, uh, let's see, so how is it gonna work? So we're going to talk first of all about lay, so layer has been you know, I understand; I understand there's there's one part that I do understand, there's another part I teach you guys and I use Layer how to chase straight in trading course video what I know, I i i showed you that, okay, whatever.

00:12:51
But even though if if if you if you if you if you if you watch that and you're doing exactly as I told you, you got to feel a little bit of pain; I don't feel pain because I'm used to do this, I do this for a living, so for me it's you know, for me it's now I'm cashing so every every everything is seeing away from over here is for me money. Uh let's say on average. Because, uh, we have this trade on several exchanges by the way. But on average, I think the entry will be around here somewhere, that's how we have been building it from here so let me, let me make it another color for example, let me make it green, uh, that's not a nice green, let me use this green, yes, so this is this is around the average entry because now it's just cash and guys, uh,

00:13:37
I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna you know, I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna say just this is a lot of money, this is a lot of money, this is really, really a lot of money, uh, because why, because they forced us to put in that money, it wasn't us, it wasn't the team that was willing to put in That money the market makers wanted us to put in that. And by the way, for the ones that are focusing when I'm posting things. So first of all, this three bucks, I pointed it already out in the morning on a 15-minute chart that you had to close. And basically the team, what they did is also around these ranges when they flipped the ALK trade.

00:14:19
And they did it again with another coin where I told you about, but that was over here. Over here, they flipped it into the other coin. And by the way, also shout out to Salswa, because I was talking to her. She told me, oh, MW, that four-hour candle is going to close. So super, super bearish. I told her, yes, it is. But it's about time. It's about time. It's about time. But, you know, it's also something else, you know. You guys, you know, you just don't believe. I'm not talking about you guys personally, but people just don't believe. You know, if I show you how to not get liquidated, if I show you. How

00:14:58
to get to the top of your entry if I show you how to go in and out if I show you all of these things there's only one outcome and that is that you're gonna win you're gonna make money no matter what these freaks are doing there because let me show you this for the ones that weren't because I share this also in the in the live stream uh in the morning even if you were not in layer okay so just let's just say you are not in layer you're not a layer okay I explained this in the morning already by the way. You can watch it back. I told you, look at this, look at this. So, this is when we broke up. Okay. And then you had Pan, Pan, Pan.

00:15:36
Let me come over here. So, Pan, Pan, Pan. This was the first Canton Bar. So, this was your entry, this one over here. You should be making sick money over here also. If you would just freaking listen. Just freaking listen. That's freaking missing also put it on the five minute because you know if you already know so you're not in it So, for example, you know, I'll be money's one of those one of those guys, you know, he's never in any trade He never does whatever I don't know what the guy does, but he when he's okay and W is hunting this coin So there is a reason for him that he's hunting this going at least at the five minute go in over here You know And as long as it's above it, just stay out.

00:16:23
So this is the Alpiman style Oh, it's up, it's up, I'm not going to go in. Okay, fine, just don't go in. Stay out of it. You're not chasing trading it, so why? Listen, guys, if you are in this trade, in this short, it's only for chase trade. Because if it's not a Chase trade, you shouldn't be in. Or at least if you're in, you should be in a long. So if this thing goes up, boom, you should be in a long. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. I'm longing it. That's what should and over here is why you're shorting it, you're shorting it, you're shorting it, that's

00:16:55
the MW trading style so only for Chase trading you should be in this trade I'm just saying but you know it sucks it sucks but let me just say this guys I'm just I know that you know people when they see this thing let me show you guys by the way look at this this thing has been ramping up pretty aggressively. So even for a Chase trade, although we are in profits, but even for a Chase trade for, you know, an uneducated retailer, this is pretty heavy. But then again, pretty heavy. This thing didn't even double down. Sometimes, you know, people get into a short and it makes like a 2, 3, 4x in a matter of 2, 3 days. We don't choose those coins to chase trade them, but I'm just saying. So this thing didn't even double up. People think it might feel, because you are in the trade, it might feel as if it's ramping up so aggressively. But it isn't, in reality. Because it didn't even double up. And it's already dumping.

00:18:04
That's why I'm telling you guys. I'm always telling you guys. Listen. Listen. It's not about the P&Ls. It's not about the gains. Forget about the gains. Forget about the P&Ls. You have to invest in the knowledge. Because if you own the knowledge, you own everything. It's all about the knowledge. If you own the knowledge, you own everything. Because you can make money your own today, tomorrow, next year, in three months, four months. You just have to know how to do it. That's the important part that you need now. So for layer by the way guys, we didn't retest the daily candle in a very long time so If you if you would ask me what What is the next support level we got the full hour by the way, but it's looking super weak So the four hours over here.

00:18:59
Let's see how it's gonna close over here. You see we're trying to hold it, but we got just open so Be very careful still holding the for our indicator. Don't think that this thing just dumps down like a rock! It could be by the way, it should also dump like a rock, but that's just not how it works in trading. So you have to keep this in mind: that if it's gonna hold this for our it could ramp up again. And for let me just say for the team, of course, we never turns into red. That will load up very strong very fast also if they want to wrap this up again. It's that simple. You know? Okay. This thing, for sure, you take some profits. You follow it up.

00:19:42
They want to pump it up. Great. They're going to load up very big. Again. And again. Maybe they even want to make a double top. You see this? Maybe this is the double top. Maybe they want to make another high. No problem. No problema. No problema. The team is ready for any outcome over here. You want to dump it down? Fine. They're loaded. You want to Bounce it up strong; they gotta load it up, whatever you do, you want to make a new high; they gotta load it up. At least what you should do now is if you are any profits, secure profits. I'm not saying take profits, secure profits, and if you want to take profits, take uh, take like 10, 20, 30 percent, whatever it is that you like.

00:20:23
And you know, if you're in profits and you think to yourself, 'You know what, I'm done with this layer; I don't want to... You know, I'm just done because this is the feeling that these market makers give a lot of people in altcoins because the biggest wins, the biggest gains that you can make. What they do is they exhaust you. It's exactly just like, I think it's Blockchain Boy, I don't know what his name was, but he sent that GIF on Twitter like, 'You know, I'm tired.' But you know why you're tired. I will tell you why you're tired. You're tired because you oversize yourself. You're tired because you only focus on layer. You're tired because that's not what I teach you.

00:20:59
I told you just use a small amount of money or like 20% of your trading portfolio and, you know, forget about it. Just forget about it. Is it that hard? Just forget about it. Just put it in. You know, when it comes down, you take some profits. And when it goes up, you start loading up again. And just forget about it. Just trade like Course 4. 0 style. Forget about it until some morning you wake up. Oh, honey, wake up. What's going on, Max? What do you want? We're going on vacation. Yes, we're going to join MW in Dubai. We're going to take like one week and do whatever it is with these games. That's what's going to happen. Just have to listen. Don't give it too much.

00:21:41
You know, you guys, this is the feeling that I get. Like the guy, I'm just tired. I'm tired. Why are you tired? What's making you tired? Just forget about it. See it as an investment. Just throw some money on it, just like I've been doing in all those. Ponzi coins pass here and you know all those two thousand, three thousand, four thousand peanuts you have to believe if you don't believe, yeah, that cannot help you. You have to believe. You have to believe. Okay, so enough about that, that's about later by the way, guys. So let me go to this one: what is this honey? I was just talking about honey, honey! What is honey, by the way, guys? Look at this, look at honey, look at honey, look at this, it was a great show, yeah!

00:22:27
Did you see honey? What is honey? Let me see what honey is honey, guys? And someone tell me what honey is. What is honey honey, honey, honey? No, no, no, no, no, honey! Honey, hey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey! Is this honey? What is it at 37 cents? I cannot... Oh, this one. Oh, this is hive. What is this hive mapper? Hive mapper. Hive mapper. I already have no clue what this is. Either way, it's pumping like crazy. And it's now, you know, only this retrace could make you really rich. But you see these coins are ramping up, you know. Ramping up, you know, it's beautiful. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, up. And, you know, a lot of coins will do this. So keep an eye on this, honey.

00:23:19
Use the indicator. Make money. Snack. Okay, you know. This is basically the confirmation that I've getting, you know, or what I've been teaching and telling you guys past weeks. Meme coins are ruling the crypto markets. And what are we seeing today? The meme coins, the syndicate is all on it again. So you got this. You can get something like this. So, you know, you get all these meme coins going down and then, you know, they start romping them up again. Am I interested in SNAK? No, definitely not. Is SNAK a good short over here? It might. maybe it is maybe it is maybe it is maybe it is because this is looking i got one touch two three touch four touch now this might this might this might run down maybe let's see is the team in this in this crap i don't know let's see if the team is in it is the team in it yes or no yes or no

00:24:22
team in this coin boom boom boom snack they call it snack snack this is this is how this is how bad this is we're trading coins that are called snack pack rack oh by the way crap coin crap coin crap coin crap coin crap coin okay i'm going to update you later about crap going crap going crap going crap and what do i have what do i have over here what is it called snack snack snack snack snacky snack how's snack doing snack doing good or not i was snacky doing snacks next next next next snack are they are they shorting the crap out of this one yes or no i really don't know are they shorting the crap out of snack They are not shorting it on Blofin.

00:25:18
They are not shorting it on Blofin because it's not listed on Blofin. Let me see. Are they shorting this one or not? Do they have the balls to short this or don't they? I don't know. I don't know. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. I think on Weeks. Let me check on Weeks. Hmm. Hmm. They have a small position. Indeed. I thought so. I thought so. I thought so. Okay. So. It's like, let's see, let's see if this thing breaks out, it's super bullish by the way, guys, so this thing if it breaks out, uh, this is super bullish, so be very careful at resistance now, but hey, dog, look at this same story, guys, look at this, all these meme coins, you know, we got with, I saw that with also bounced up very strong, dark, dark, dark it was dark dark dark to the moon, okay, whatever, keep an eye on it, then we got this Nairo, look at this.

00:26:19
Oh, you know, when I see these charts, you know, it's so funny to see these charts. Look at this. Welcome to crypto. Welcome to crypto. Yes, MW. Yes, yes, yes, MW. It's good that I found you. Why? Why is it so good that you found you? Because I went into Naira over here. What? Yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Yes, yes, Mr. But how? How did you manage to do that, my mama? My brother. Yes, this is actually when I saw them shilling Nairo and I thought, okay, this thing is going to the moon, so I bought it. Okay, so Mr. Wheelkiller, so now it's moving a little bit. I'm still 85% down. Do you think that I can get to break even?

00:27:09
So, I was also eyeing this. This one is more interesting, by the way, for a possible short. Yes, for a possible short. So, I think that this one is more interesting for a possible short. It's the Nairo E thing. So, let's see. Let's see. I think that this could be one of those for the Sunday afternoons, you know? This is one of those for the Sunday afternoons. So, this is just if you're interested in shorting. Just saying. So, if you're interested in shorting. And this could be one of those that you can, you know, you can show the crap out of, okay? So let me go to this alpaca, oh, oh, alpaca! Hello, so this is a little bit of education over here, guys, because this is very important for you guys to understand.

00:27:55
So, this alpaca, alpaca, this thing was going to get delisted from Binance and it's not only Binance, I think more exchanges are going to do this. It's well, I think this was around over here with the news. So, this is basically really the news traders. So, okay. Alpaca is going to get delisted in a couple of days. I think it's the 29th or 30th of April. So, it's like two, three days. Yeah. Well, before they're going to delist it, let's show the crap out of it. Yes. No, no, no, no. You don't do that. Never do that. Guys, you have to, you know, you know, guys, I, you know, I want you guys, all of you guys, I want you to understand this.

00:28:44
I want everyone that is watching this with close your eyes because I'm not going to do anything on the job. I want you to close your eyes and to listen. Close your eyes. Okay. Breathe in from your nose. Breathe out from your mouth. A little bit of yoga. Because, why, I'm saying this, because I want you. While I'm gonna speak to you now, I want you that your brains are at their best and your memories so vivid. Why are you doing this now? Close your eyes, don't oh I want you only to listen in crypto. It's not about the news, it's not about the fundamentals, it's not about the hype, it's not about anything. At the end of the road, it's all about longs versus shorts and shorts versus longs.

00:29:42
That's what it's all about. Anything else is just extra. It's only about longs versus shorts, shorts versus longs. That's how market makers make money in crypto. That's it. That's it. That's it. There's nothing else. That's it. So, you can open up your eyes again. So, if over here shorts get opened, really shorts, based on the news, because this thing, if you just look at this thing, this thing is at a bottom. You know? So, what did MW teach you? We never short bottoms. It's that simple; it doesn't matter what the news is if they're telling you that it's going to get delisted, it's going to die, they're going to close it. It doesn't matter; we never ever ever short bottoms, that's it. And we definitely never ever ever short all-time lows, never.

00:30:59
And why am I saying this? Because you see over here, this thing made... what is this? Almost 10x more. This is almost, I think, what is this? 13x, 14x, what is this? Almost a 12x. Because even the MW style. Okay, the alarms are going off. So even, even, even, even the MW style will get you liquidated. Even the MW will get you liquidated over here. So, mister, I don't remember his name; if you'll tell me, I was liquidated two three times if I would tell you. To short all car all pack, cacao, whatever over here, then I would agree with you though. Yes. Okay, well I'm not going to swear. I'm not going to swear. Okay, I freaked it up.

00:31:50
Okay, that's a bad call, MW That's not what I do, and even because I educated you guys this way. Even if you would see me on Twitter telling you, listen, guys, I'm going to short this one. And you check the chart, and you'll see the ultimate. Okay, just know that I'm hacked. Just know my X account has been hacked. Just know it. Because you guys know I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever short about it. Never, ever. And especially not a low cap on a D-list thing or with news or whatever. So basically, so if you want to short this, if you're interested, because I was talking with Trevor Levin about this. If you want to show this, do it in and out.

00:32:28
So, for example, you go in, boom, and then you make like, I don't know, based on your portfolio, 200 bucks, 500 bucks, 600, 1,000 bucks, go out, in, out, in, out. Or when you are greedy, you feel the greed, you think, no, but I think it's going to zero, and I think it's going much lower because I'm going to make a lot of money. No problem. Just leave there 10% to 20%. You already took the profits. You took your money. Not 10%, 10%, 20%. Small amount, let it in. My advice is if you're going to short this, short it with a low amount also. Low, low amount. Don't go heavy on this one because if too many shorts will get created on this one, they will probably pump it even more.

00:33:07
Because this is what I'm trying to explain. It's all about longs versus shorts and shorts versus longs. That's what it's all about in trading. You have to understand the game. So that's about Alka, Palka, whatever, whatever. Alka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Paka, Taka, Taka, whatever. So that's about that. So these are the coins I want to talk about. So for me, that's about it. This was the surprise live stream. I'm going to do like two, three questions if I have them in the chat. And then we're going to close it down, guys, because you have to forgive me. I'm like all day at office now and, you know, I haven't even eaten today. So, you know, I haven't had anything today. You know, I'm a little bit hungry. So let me eat.

00:33:55
I entered late at 0:17. It had a 10x volume market cap on CMC. What corner are you talking about? MW first ASMR. Obluda. Obluda is interested in this point. Okay. Why not? Why not a blue diet your day-to-day? Why not a SMI? There is no ASMR oh, yeah, so Oh Luna, I'm sorry, bro ASMR is not available. I cannot find it away. Oh, it's not a coin. What is ASMR? I don't know what you mean by the first ASMR. What is ASMR? So all people are liking this. Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Alpiman is liking this, guys. Alpiman is liking this, guys. Look at Alpiman. Alpiman is liking it. Welcome, Alpiman. Alpiman is liking it. What is ASMR? ASMR content.

00:34:54
I really have no clue what ASMR is. So, what do you got? Honey is a barrel chain coin. Okay, well, that's even worse. Let's see. Snack is the snake on Cardano. Oh, it's a Cardano meme coin. Okay, nice, nice. I think that Cardano will gain a lot of traction on the move up. What do we got? HiveMapper is great. It's a real product. They collect map data and sell it to customers. Okay, so that's HiveMapper. HiveMapper, which one was that? It's Honey, yes. So Honey, this is a solid coin in your opinion. Okay, well. Even though it's, you know, I don't know, you know, I don't care what they're doing. I'm not buying this crap over here, you know.

00:35:50
So if the fundamentals are really good, wait for a possible double bottom or a good retrace on support over here, and then go up. So very well compared by a team who works development of maps. Okay, so great. What is man? I couldn't chase trade in either because some bullshit limits so I stuck with two point I couldn't defend my position on the way up, but El Coco Guys, I keep repeating myself You have to own two exchanges and I'm gonna add for you the third you can use weeks by the way if you Want to use your weeks, but the third exchange is coming you have to especially because we trade a lot of these

00:36:32
a shit coins it's important that you guys have access to to to to blowfin and btnx you have to have both just open up account on both you can there's a link below or in my bio on the link tree just open up both and you can flip your money how if you flip your money from btnx to blowfin on on bab20 it's on your account the money if it's on your account in like two minutes so it's that easy just flipping money over there to there it only costs you like 50 cents, you know? So it's, it's, you have to, you have to really, so when they, when they, you know, why do you think the team trades on B2NX and on Blovin and also on weeks later, they trade a little bit.

00:37:14
So it's, it's just to, you know, if they can't, if they limit you to move on B2NX, you're going to do it on Blovin. If they limit you on Blovin, you're going to do it on B2NX and so on and so on. And the third one is coming at the end, I closed the profit, but I was in a 250% at some point. Basically, what you did alcohol is for you and so it wasn't big profits, but you you gained the knowledge, and in my opinion, that's even more important than uh um so we got we got we got over here so we got we got. I keep it amazes me to see how prices bounce off the indicator, it's mind-blowing, but listen, it's only mind-blowing, mind-blowing to those that don't know.

00:37:56
I think that the retail fan who has been using it for a very long time knows already and and I keep this will get only better and better and better, the more you're going to use it, the more you're going to see that at some point, it's just it's just, you have to you have to experiment with more use it more so you're so right. We still have a lot to learn. Thanks so much for these streams, yes I try every time when you know when I when I see something I try to you know I try to educate you on daily, every time I think, okay, I need to educate him about this, I do it. Okay, so basically Alpi might close before sleep. He lost 5%. Nothing new, guys.

00:38:41
I don't know Alpi. Oh Floriano. This guy, he just came in and he said I was liquidated several times. I don't know the guy. I've never seen him. I really don't know who he is. So, okay, so basically, what do I have? What do I have? What do I have? I'm going to close it up. Yes, I do think that we get re-tracers to the, yes, for sure. I think that we get re-tracers back. Yes, it's going to be, you know, I already said this, like, I think, two weeks, three weeks ago. It's going to be ups and downs, ups and downs, ups and downs. So, LP, it's going to be ups and downs. Don't feel greedy.

00:39:20
And if you feel greed for trading, just use the indicator under 15 minutes and just go trade go to the volume coins just like layer for example up you're going up down you're going down with it so that's just that simple but for really buying for for really for weekly basis on daily basis on you know that's no no no just wait for it wait wait wait oh you haven't used or you haven't you i keep you haven't used it yet oh well that sucks yeah salsa salsa to blame because i blame salsa i love you thanks for watching enjoy it have a nice one nice weekend and bye.