*** Live Stream 04-23-2025 Bitcoin Rise predicted Again, Whats next *** 

00:00:01
welcome welcome welcome welcome mw and welcome again to adp welcome welcome welcome telegram subscribers welcome everyone in the world that is watching this live stream in the previous live stream and how we keep naming it over and over over and over and over again and i have to be honest with you guys you know there are some you know at some point you know Things get a little bit scary even for me. Sometimes I think to myself, MW, wait a minute. You need to start making some mistakes. You need to start making some, just to prove that you're a human. You're not some, you know, it's really, it's, you know, you guys know me. I'm maybe one of the biggest bears of the past years. I'm pretty bearish on markets.

00:00:58
That was for a reason, by the way, so I've been right all the time. But the live stream of Monday, it was a shock for a lot of retailers, especially subscribers that were like, oh, what's going on? MW getting bullish out of the sudden. How is that possible? What's going on? Why is MW bullish out of the sudden? What's out of nowhere? Uh, you know Boom MW is bullish; how is this possible? Well, look at this, look at this! This was Monday, guys, look at this-this was Monday when I made the live stream in the morning over here. Look at this crazy, you know it's you know it's no it's... why I keep telling you guys: listen!

00:01:52
It's very hard for me to teach you guys to do what I do, because there are a lot of factors in the world, how I connect things and how I come to a decision. But I can teach you at least how to navigate through the trades and how to be defensive, how to be offensive, when to be... you know. There's one that I, you know, I like a lot; one of the Retrofit members. It's a lady-I talk about her a lot, by the way. But, you know, she really listens to me. I don't know, you know, she really listens to me. It's not that she listens to me, that she's very smart. She's a doc. So, but, you know, she really acts on it.

00:02:36
And, you know, I loved it on Monday, she sent me a DM; listen, I closed all my shorts. I just left that layer, left it open. So, you know, I just closed all my shorts and I flipped long. And, you know, it's just a matter; I know that she's going to share with me some crazy insights today. I know it's going to happen again. You know, it's really mind-blowing; it's, you know, a little bit scary every time again and again. You know, I just want to be wrong. I want to be wrong for one time. I want to get it wrong. Just like, for example, Monday, I'm flipping bullish, this and that, and then the market's dumped down by 20%. What is this?

00:03:19
You told us that you were bullish, and the market's dumped with 20%. You're wrong. You have to see it like this. Just like all those people on Twitter, how they get it for 90% wrong, and then sometimes 10% they get it right by luck or whatever. I can get it wrong for 100 times this year. And I will still beat them all, and you know I just want to get it wrong so I'm gonna try my best to get it wrong this time I want to get it wrong sometime but you know it's massive so um We're going to talk about financial markets today. I'm going to explain to you guys a little bit. I'm going to talk about Bitcoin and what I think will happen.

00:04:01
And you guys are already seeing the chart is clear as, you know, this is as clear as it could get. So I'm going to explain to you guys what my next move is, what my next trade is. I'm going to talk a little bit about my, you know, midterm plans, what I'm planning to do. It's like a continuation of what I explained to you already on Monday. Yeah, we're going to talk about some Koreans. We're going to talk about a little bit of dominance. We're going to talk about a lot of things today. So everything is in the green, just like expected, just like predicted. But let's see. Let's see. It's going to be a great show, just like it's always been.

00:04:40
By the way, also, first time I opened up one of the live streams last Monday for this cockroach. Only the verified accounts can DM me now. But still, also verified, there are a lot of cockroaches out there. I just don't get it. You keep DMing me, MW, you're wrong because they don't watch my live streams. You're wrong, and you know what? And the market's bombed, ha ha ha ha ha. And there are like seven of them. I don't know who's sending these guys to me. That's why, you know, go watch the live stream from Monday. You'll see a person that predicted this rise again. And, you know, I know it's annoying to them, but it is what it is. So let the music run. Salsara is not with us. I think she went to the dock or something. So it's all me. But, you know, I've been surviving by myself for years. So I think I'll manage. I'll manage. Boom, boom. Ba-ba-da-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-da.

00:07:10
Let me see. Music is running. I know. Because hopefully, I know I can be first. We've got a new hero. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. We've got a new Ashton. You know you know I'm discussing this from the law, you know it is, you know what is a candle, what is an indicator, what is a resistance line, what is this, what line, what is the distance not 50% exactly what, you know, Helena told you in her last creation. Because, you know, if you don't own the mindset, if you don't own and control your emotions, if you don't control greed, you are the best analyst, GA, whatever you do, you know, you're the best at it.

00:08:33
You will feel it. You will feel it. It's 50% there and then the other 50%. And, you know, 50% or 50% is even more important than charts. I'm saying it. I'm telling you. So, I don't know. Salsa, I'm still waiting for her to do whatever it is that she's doing. She said we're going to do it on the weekend, and now it's Wednesday, so it's still on release. But, you know, beginner's course. Beginner's course, in a beginner's course, you know, I'll do it. For your mind, you're going to brainwash you first to be a trader. You need to be brainwashed. When you brainwash your mind, that's when you go further on the candles, on the whatever it is that you see on the screen. First, you have to get into your mind.

00:09:32
You have to make sure that your mind is in the right direction. You can be a winner and a loser. Let's see. I don't know. I don't know. She's still working on it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe she's got just too many things running up for her. I mean, she's just busy. Maybe she's got some personal stuff going on. I don't know. We got straight up Michael Vorba. Mark Collette. Oh, Michael. Mark Collette. Mark Collette. Top dog. Oh, top dog's in the house. Is this Bob? Oh, he's also with Alpiman. What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? Janice. We got, what is this? Amiros. Amiros, my bro. What is this? Those are some strange signs. Good morning.

00:10:13
And I don't know what's after it. I mean, explain yourself. I mean, what is that? Maybe it's good morning. I'm not going to swear, but you know what I always say. Good morning, you. Maybe it's just calling us names. I don't know. Maybe, Walid, good morning, my brother. Muhammad Ali, bro. John, Nicholas. And John Newman Parish. Hello. Who are you? I'm St. John Newman Parish. Hello. St. John Newman Parish. Hello. So we got Nikki. Nikki, that's just easy. You know, Nikki. You know, Nikki. Good morning, Nikki. Good morning, St. John Newman Parish. I know. On my phone today. Have fun, Rita Pham. So Salsara is on her phone today. Yes, Salsara. Yes. Salsara. Salsara. Salsara. We got Tracy. We got Levin. We got Alblada. We got Marista. We got Rose Powell.

00:11:15
We got C-Tip. Cam Ranio. We got Roy Gruer. We got Stacy. We got Zvon. We got Ileana. We got more. We got three. Alcoco. Alcoco is in the house, guys. Danny Dix from the Netherlands. Roy McCoy. Lord Pinus. What do we got? Lars Presch. Josh Pedro. What do we got? Your sound is cutting. Ah, your mic is cutting. Your mic is cutting. Let me stop the music. Is that so? Because I don't know why this is going on. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Stop the music. Is my sound still cutting? Check, check, check, check, check. Your white fluffy cat is blocking the sound. Your white fluffy cat. I don't have a white fluffy cat, Alpiman.

00:12:16
I don't know. Okay. But it's funny either way. Alpiman. Alpiman needs a moment of his day. No, this is his moment. Bro, your white fluffy cat is blocking the sound. I don't even know what you mean by that, bro. You know we gave Altiman uh his his injection today, Suza uh what do we got live in the dream we got uh flakes we got Albert does we got G trend uh whatever we got Jules we got flakes mirrors music Bro I know the music I know I know but am I still is my sound still blocking that's important tell me about that Rob McCord Margarita Benjamin Josh oh it's a full house today living

00:12:56
uh what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got what we got over here what is this come run yo Stacy uh perfect now perfect good now good now good good good good okay thank you thank you let's let's let's hit it let's say sound is good now thank you so much guys so it was the music that was blocking it okay so okay okay Johan Venter good morning Bro okay so first of all let me first of all start with this one so you know the circus keeps going on. You know, the circus keeps going on. So we've got the charts and then we've got the circus. We've got the Trump circus. So the circus keeps going on.

00:13:31
Oh, you know, there's a deal coming up with Japan. We're making good deals with China. It's going to get good and this and that. And, you know, Powell, well, we might not fire him after all. You know, every, every, every person in the world, you should just know. You know, I've been calling out the circus from day one. Maybe you didn't believe me by then. Do you believe me now? Let me know in the chat. Do you believe me that it's just one big circus? Let me know in the chat. Do you believe me if it's one circus? It's a circus. today it's black tomorrow it's red and then it's white and it's green

00:14:09
then it's yellow and then today china will this and then china know their friends and then you know paul is uh you know paul uh he's gonna get removed from the from office as soon as possible and now maybe not and then maybe yes it will maybe what is this what's going on where is this this is you know you know what is this what's going on in the world this is mr trump the administration the biggest power in the world you know biggest economic power, at least. And, you know, these guys, it's just one big, this guy's a clown. You know, I watched, I don't know if you guys watched it, but I watched, no, I'm not going to say it. I'm not going to say what I watched.

00:14:53
I'm not going to say it. No, I'm not going to say it. No, I'm not going to say it. But it's just one big circus. For the Dutch people, for the Dutch people over here. We could call Trump just Bussy. Bussy. Most of you guys don't know, Bussy and Adrian was a show with a clown and an acrobat and, you know, whatever. I loved it. Bussy and Adrian. Bussy and Adrian. And then they got this, you know, the Dutch people were very, you know, the Dutch people were very ahead of time. Because at that time, this was in the 80s, I think, 70s, 80s. Begin 90s. We already had an AI bot. His name was Robin. And he could talk and he could do a lot of things. Okay.

00:15:42
Only the Dutch people will probably understand what I'm saying. Only the Dutch people. But we were ahead. The Dutch people were ahead. We already had a bot that, you know, it was a robot and he could talk and he could do a lot of things. His name was Robin. So, guys, so let's get serious over here. Let's get serious over here. We got the US 500. So, forget about the circus. We got the indicator over here on the daily. So even though that, you know, he's pushing, he's pushing, he's pushing, he's keeping pushing the indicator, he's keeping pushing the narrative. So what he's doing like, he's like, you know, slapping you two times, that's, that's. And then he started pulling you back again. Okay, good boy. Good boy.

00:16:31
And then he slaps you two times and then. That's what Trump is doing now. No, no, no, no. No, we're going to retaliate. No, no, no. So he's creating like chaos. But, you know, when chaos gets created, people get uncertain on the markets. You know, they start, oh, wait a minute. I'm going to buy in now and then tomorrow he's got to say something else that will, you know, that will create another problem for us. So, so basically what's going on now is creating careers. At some point, people, you know, they don't get tired from this. And, you know, for those who watched my live stream on Monday, I told you, I told you because, you know, I'm not just one of those guys that will tell you I'm bullish, I'm bearish, you know, like some clown.

00:17:23
I explained to you why in details, why I was bullish. It's just that at some point, I think that people, you know, they cannot buy gold. Gold is too expensive. They cannot buy stocks because there's too much uncertainty. And the DXY is also dumping. So, crypto is, in my opinion, the only, you know, the only way to go. And that's exactly what we saw. So, the candle that we're seeing, that's it. People just needed to, you know, to get their money somewhere, invest in something, make some gains. So, crypto. Before it even happened, I knew it that they were going to do it. Now the big question is because I saw Uncle Ren. I love Ren, but at some point, you're going to leave people behind.

00:18:13
Because what I do is I keep building my knowledge on a daily basis. I keep building it. It doesn't matter how much I know. Every day, I push myself to higher levels. Every day I educate myself. You should do the same, by the way. So every time, it doesn't matter if I would nil every trade, if I have a 100% winning rate. For me, it's not enough. I want more. I'm always pushing myself. And, you know, Ren, I saw a post from Ren about, yeah, well, the crypto is decoupling from the markets. How many times did you say that already? It's always the same circus. It's just for the hype, for the engagement, for the command. When are you going to be just a serious guy that really cares about the community?

00:19:00
Forget about the engagement. Forget about the show. Forget about the circus. Just try to be really, really an alpha so people will, you know, start trusting you and believing in what you say. But if it's every day, it's another; let me tell you this. Bitcoin is not decoupling from the financial markets. Point. A big point, the reason why we saw the markets going down and Bitcoin going up, I explained it on Monday, it's just this temporary, temporary situation that we're in while people have no they have no way nowhere to go with their money so they put it in in crypto for that moment that could change in two days one day three days a week it could change very fast but overall Crypto did not decouple from the financial markets.

00:19:50
Definitely not. And please don't believe what you see, what you read, because it's not true. Because when, you know, you have to, it's like this. You know, I am, you know, for example, today it's Wednesday, I think. I'm already thinking about how is Friday looking. That's what I, that's how I analyze. You know, because Wednesday, I already analyzed that on Monday. So I know what's going on today. I'm now preparing for Friday, you know. I have to always think one two days ahead to be ahead of the markets, but you know if I would only uh just like I told you, well, you know it's rainy today. I'm telling you it's raining; I can know it's raining; I'm freaking walking over here and I know I'm getting wet, so you don't have to tell me that it's raining today-I know that already.

00:20:38
So now, guys, this is very important: uh, are we going, you know? In my opinion, let me first of all say this because um, I think that this is, with Trump, what he was saying yesterday, et cetera, in a normal situation, we should have been over here already. We are not. And look how we're struggling just on the line over here-ridiculous! With all the bullish things that you know, Trump was trying to manipulate markets up again. You know, look at this: we're still holding over here. So this is weak, guys; this is not. This is weakness. That's how I see it. Also, got these earnings or whatever. So look at this on a four-hour chart-just here. So this is the box to watch. This is the box to watch. Is this thing going to dump down? And then you can tell me, 'Well, yeah,' but I'm W. But, you know, the markets are decoupling. Yes. What? Why don't I decouple?

00:21:48
oh this is really so listen guys the markets are not decoupling from crypto it's just temporary just temporary it's temporary so why am i telling you this look at this one look where we are so by the way guys this freaking indicator i'm not gonna swear i'm not because i want to donate to charity today i'm not gonna swear listen guys Forget about me telling you that Sunday after the Dutch afternoon will probably bounce up. Forget about that. Forget about the fact that I told you on Monday that you could expect this bump up. Forget about that. Forget that I nailed this one and this one, this one. Forget about it. Look at that indicator. Alpiman, what do I tell you always? What do I tell you always, Alpiman?

00:22:35
When we close above the Indy on the daily, what do I tell you always, Alpiman? Up in my head, sleeping, I don't know. Maybe his boss is at his work. His boss is watching him. He cannot type. Maybe. But this is exactly, guys, look at this indicator. It's massive. Look at this. Boom. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Boom. So forget about everything that I analyzed past this. I'm always telling you guys, if we close, if the candle goes above the indicator, that's your bullish signal. It doesn't always have to be like that. But most of the times, if those times happen when it's not, I will tell you on the live stream. I will tell you, listen, guys, OK, we close the bar, but you have to be careful.

00:23:21
I'm not trusting this because, you know, it's my damn indicator. I can feel I can feel when it's real, when it's not real. You know, that's what I'm always telling you. When you see me not posting, not making live stream, you know, you always I'm always a part of me is with you. That's my indicator. That's my legacy. So it's always with you guys. So if I'm not around, the indicator is around to help you. But look at this, because this is really massive. Look, we haven't been closing above it since the 1st of February. That's a long time ago. That's really a long time ago, guys. So look, bearish, bearish, bearish. berries berries berries! Look at this, look at this!

00:24:06
If if there is anyone in the world not not you guys I know you guys are with me so you you've seen the proof for everything but if everyone in the world so even if Mr., you know Mr. Crypto Face and his market cipher indicator that cost you 2K or another 3K! If anyone in the world dares to tell me that there is something better than this indicator, You got this algo, you got this jewel. There was one guy, I know him. He told me, 'I've got an indicator.' I paid $4,000 for it. What is it called? Something about jewel or jewels. I don't know what the name was. Okay, what does it do? It shows you... what does it show you? It shows you when to buy.

00:24:52
How? Well, you see like a jewel coming on the screen. Oh, and how is it working out for you? Well, you know. $4,000 paid for this. And then he's like, because he bought it, he's promoting it to death. Like, 'oh yeah, it's great.' It's great. And then when I asked him, well, how is it working out for you? Well, I have to say, when he started saying, well, that was my answer. I don't need any, you know, I don't need, I don't need, I don't need anything else. I'm waiting to get my hands on the indicator and playing around with it. I keep Salsera. Salsera is to blame for everything because you should get it directly from the shop. But she told me, I'm going to get the shop done in the weekend.

00:25:41
We are Wednesday today. It's the same like the interview. She was going to release it like a month ago. It still didn't come. This is Salsura. Salsura takes her time. You know, Salsura's got a lot of things running in her life and it takes time. So maybe I need to hire Salsura 2 . 0. You know, maybe then two people can get things done much faster. But it's, you know, so Mr. Yash Gandhi, if you want to blame someone, blame Salsura. Blame her because it should be available already. It's so easy to blame other people. So easy to blame other people. So Vitolo is feeling bullish. Bro, you should have felt bullish over here. This is where you have to be bullish. So you want to be bullish over here?

00:26:36
I'm not bullish over there. This is the problem with retailers. This is the problem with people in crypto. They always feel bullish after the move. And I'm not bad. Maybe this thing will just ramp up. Maybe we're going to test the 100K or whatever. Maybe some altcoins could still make some nice moves up. But the moves are here; that's when you have to be bullish. You know, if you remember on Monday when I'm telling you, listen, guys, I flip bullish. That's why you flip bullish. But now is when, you know, you should start taking profits. that's how it works listen if you if you if you if you are a long-term if you're a long-term investor fine fine if you bought some bottom some altcoins on the bottom fine just hold them and feel bullish for the coming five years but that's not what i do i'm a trader you know for me 30 is a lot of money so if i would buy for example if i bought suey

00:27:42
at my ranges, and it goes up with 30%, I start taking profits. And when it comes down, I'm going to buy it up again. And if SUI would make 30% and comes down again, I just lost 30%. That's how I see it as a trader. And you as an investor, you don't see it as that. But I do see it like that. So it's the difference between us. And I'm not saying that I'm good and you're bad, or you're bad and I'm good. It's just two different stuffs. So in my opinion, while we're heading over here into this resistance zone is where you have to be very careful. You have to be very defensive and maybe even defensive and maybe even start opening shorts. Yes, yes, yes, yes.

00:28:25
That's what I said. Maybe you need to start opening some shorts on some crazy FOMO coins that have been rising like, you know, blowing up the rooftop. Because those are the ones that I'm interested in. And those are the ones that are probably, probably going to start opening shorts again. Because this is it. It's all connected. Because this move, you know, this was, this move up that you see over here from 87 to like 85, this is just desperate people in the world. People with a lot of money, by the way. Desperate people that just didn't know where to put their money in. So, you know, you know what? Let's buy some Bitcoin. Why not? So let's just buy some Bitcoin. That's what happened.

00:29:07
But at some point then you know they're okay, oh wait a minute, okay wait a minute, oh maybe maybe I can do that or maybe you know maybe I, maybe I should take some profits but either way let me show you guys something else very important, very important. This one this one this one we already talked about it also on Monday. By the way, guys, I've only been trading. I didn't buy in on my investment portfolio. By the way, guys, for you guys to know, because it's very important. I want you guys to know this. This is very important for you guys to understand. Listen, guys, when I say secure profits, what does that mean? When I say take profits, what does that mean? Because there's a difference between secure profits and take profits.

00:29:51
I'm going to explain it now. Because I get this question a lot. Paragraph. Oh, my God. Paragraph. Let me use another coin. Let me use this one. Yes. So let me use it. I have to explain to you guys this because this is very important. So suppose that you went into a long or you bought a bag or a spot bag. It doesn't have to mean on leverage. It doesn't matter. So you bought in over here. So you're in a trade. You're making money. Then you see MWO. Secure profits that's what I'm gonna do so it doesn't mean that you have to do it but but that's what does that mean? Sport school profit it's it's on your own satisfaction for me, I a lot of times what I do is I use uh the four hour or I use look over here, so this was my entry.

00:30:44
You see boom boom boom boom boom boom and I use the one hour in this case because it's too far if this thing would be over here for example I would put my stop loss in profits over here. But it isn't. So this is too far. I'm not going to lose all those games. So when I say secure profits, this is what you do. You just put a stop loss in profits over here. It doesn’t mean when I say secure profits, we’re heading into resistance because sometimes resistance gets broken. So your altcoin will go even higher and then you’re out. So don’t make that mistake. That’s secure profits. When I say secure profits, it means that you have to secure your profits.

00:31:19
It’s exactly the words that I’m using, secure profits. By secure profits, it means that if this was your entry, over here you got like 30-40 percent, uh, you got 30-40 percent gains. Put your stop loss over here or over here or maybe you can take like 20-30 out and the rest of the position, you do stop loss and profits over here because we're still in the bullish trend so that's secure profits. Take profits is something else, take profits is where you have to go to the 15-minute or five-minute, this is take profit, so take profits okay, you're above it, above it, okay, this is, okay, I'm exit, I'm out. You know, even if it will go up, I don't care. I'm going to take profits.

00:31:57
And take profits, most of the times when I really see that markets are looking super, super bad, you know, that's when I just take profits. I force it. You know, I never just go out of the markets. I never do that because I could get it wrong and maybe the markets would have another 10% or 20% rise in it. It could be because a lot of times when you see some dangers, sometimes. The wheels in the world, they push the price a little bit higher just to dump it more down, so it's like they you know they flush out so they destroy the shorts; they flush them out and then they dump it. They do this a lot better not only not only not only on crypto, also in stocks, it happens a lot.

00:32:36
So you know when something bearish is happening in the world or some bearish signs or whatever, and then you see something like whoop! And then like this, so you always see you see this scenario over here and this scenario over here; these same people they wanted to dump it down here but what they did is they flushed out the shorts over here and then they dump it out they dump it down very hard happy spot just analyze your charts you'll probably what i just explained you're gonna see it on a lot of charts this way because when you see really a big dump you always see like a scammy pump up it's just how it works just how

00:33:14
works in trading so that's uh me explaining you guys what um how it works in uh when i say because i get these dms a lot and that what do you mean what do you mean this is exactly what i mean so um let me show you guys this one so dominance dominance finally we're in the box and we're getting this kind of rejection and uh well it's basically just waiting out now Waiting out waiting out when these things kind of top out because we've got this uh We've got this resistance zone over here. But the real resistance zone is over here. So this is, by the way, pretty strong resistance. So this is super bullish for altcoins. Actually, while I'm watching this, this is looking so good for altcoins.

00:34:10
This is looking good guys, you know because this is really a resistance level over here to be honest, I haven't looked at it by the way to be honest, this is good, you know I'm eyeing it now. We made a higher low over here but you know we could get you know you know we only you see these candles one two three. We need something like only these three candles will triple quadruple do make your portfolio 5x, you see only this only this it's all you need. I'm not even asking to get back only But this is, guys, this is resistance. This is super bullish for altcoins. So just to be clear, guys, just to have this clear: If I'm bearish, I'm taking profits, it's just for short term.

00:34:55
So it means that I will flip bullish very fast because even if I would short some formal coins, you have to keep in mind that I will flip bullish very fast. So on the midterm, I'm more. bullish than bearish but you know Bitcoin made this rise up and you know just for bitcoin to dump down for example just back over here could create a pain in the markets so that's why it's super important that you know what you're buying by the bottom formation so this will guys this is super strong resistance by the way oh when i'm zooming out look at this guys no You have to see it like this, just like I was telling you that this was your buying zone. Buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. By the way, guys, how much did Bitcoin rise since I told you to buy?

00:35:47
Almost 30%, 27% up since I told you buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. One guy DMed me. He told me, DM, every time when I'm sleeping, I hear in my head. bye bye bye bye bye bye, you told me and I listened, bro, I listened, well, congrats to you, look at this, oh, this is looking so good, it's looking so good, so, bye bye bye bye, yes, but you know this is also, guys, this is resistance, I'm telling you, This resistance, listen, if the US dollar will dump very hard, okay, that's when I can tell you we might break this up. But we really need the DXY to dump hard. So talking about the DXY, let's go to the DXY. Let's go to the DXY. Let's go to the DXY.

00:36:41
Where's the DXY? Oh, there you are. Hmm. Okay, so this was just, you know, Trump. Trump was, you know, this is how, this is, this is what happened yesterday. Let me, I'm going to, I'm going to take you through my glasses. This is what happened yesterday. So, the DXY is getting wrecked, super wrecked. And then Trump administration went to Trump, Trump. You realize what you're doing by, you know, by, by, by, by, but doing making these troubles with Powell, calling him out and, you know, want to remove him. People are losing even more faith in the US dollar. Oh yeah, but. Did you see that we dumped almost 12 or 13? Yes, if you keep doing this, the US dollar is going to get so wrecked that you can never get it up again.

00:37:33
Oh yeah, so uh, so guys what do we have to do? My my my great advisors, you know, you have to say that that power is not that bad and maybe he will, you know, maybe maybe maybe you're gonna keep him, obviously would that help? Yes, that would help. Okay, so this this is the candle and you know, diesel but I think that this wife in my opinion let me be, you guys know me, I think that this way, you know, for now it's done and I think that we lost the support and this is not something you can make, I think it's over. So I think that the diesel will dump lower. Unfortunately, I really think so. So even if it would make a rise to the indicator, you know, chop around, chop around.

00:38:22
But at some point, I think that the DXY will come back to the 49, 94, and I think maybe even 90. Yeah, it's just what I think. So for the forex traders, that's what I think, if you want to ask us. I think that this pain that Trump created over here, I think that he cannot fix this. This is not to be fixed. He should have fixed it over here. He should have defended the US dollar over here. He should have done everything in his power to make sure that the dollar would hold the line. He didn't. He chose to not do it. So now he has to pay the bill for it. And I think that this thing will, you know, maybe bounce, bounce, bounce, and then we're going down.

00:39:06
So that's it. But DXY, as long as DXY is holding over here, guys, keep in mind, okay? the bitcoin fomo will also you know when the calm stabilize stocks will go a little bit sideways you know or maybe if the dump dump not so so hard dxy holding the line that's when you'll see bitcoin also losing losing steam that's how i see it that's how i see it so uh yeah that's that's what i'm preparing for you know that so that's what i'm eyeing now so for me this is really uh this move up okay farmer predicted it made it okay well congrats so now this is resistance guy everything from now on 94 95 everything between 94 and until 97 you can say uh so the next what is this how many percent is this guys this is uh this is uh three percent i think it's done i think it's done i think uh this is it you have to be cautious

00:40:03
You have to be cautious because the bears will step in here. That's what I think. So be cautious on your longs. Put your higher up your stop loss profits. But very important, why am I showing this? Because this one is also something that I'm eyeing because this thing at some point will get into the indicator just like it's always doing. And that's the moment when. Altcoins, several altcoins will find momentum, could make a really big rise up. And let me show you what I showed you on the Telegram group, by the way. I know. When did I share that? Where did I share it? Where did I share it? Where did I share it? You have to see that these altcoins, let me take ARK, for example. Let me take ARK, for example.

00:40:48
This is what I'm eyeing now. So focus now. Please focus. Please focus. Please focus. Please focus. Good morning, MW. Guys, I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to get into your questions, and then we're going to do a little bit of altcoins. It's going to be a little bit of a longer live stream today, but it is what it is. So I'm here for you guys, so we're going to talk about it. But this is very important. Focus, please, on what I'm saying now. So these coins that you're seeing that show some power, this is what I want. I want them to, on the daily, go up. and I want them to get retested on the daily indicator and this is on a lot of altcoins, especially the ones on you know when you look at these coins, look at them, look, look, there are still at low levels, this one by the way made a nice rise up but this is what I want to see.

00:41:40
Let me give you guys another good example, not some bullshit example, let me take Are we for oh always bouncing very nice from the bottom over here so look I've seen this, I've seen this so or we didn't leave the stage. We're just leaving now. So this is just leaving. But let me show you guys something, another coin that has done this. Let's see Sui, for example. I like Sui. Let me give you guys Sui, for example. Sui made a nice ramp up. But suppose what I want to see is, you know, you see this power going up. And then I want to see it come back, you know, come back to the Indy. So this is the Indy. Let me show you. You're going to find a lot of charts like this.

00:42:22
You're going to see a lot of charts like this. And this is super bullish, by the way. This is what I want to see. So, you got; let me remove this one. So, what you're going to see is this. So you got, you know, we're below it, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, and then boom up. And then a lot of times they flush them out, comes back to the indicator. Now from the indicator, then it's going to make the real big move up. What I want to do, this is my trading style, because a lot of times you cannot catch these moves up. You cannot catch them because they go organized and you just can't catch them. But what you can catch, you can catch the drops, by the way, the dumps.

00:42:57
But you can especially catch these ones. These ones, this is my trading style. This is how I make life-changing money in a very short period of time. You have to catch these retested. So up, down, retest, confirm support over here, and then up. boom and sometimes you also see it comes back goes up comes back again so you got some kind a double gets created and then it moons up but it doesn't matter because you're in anyway it's about it's about to move up so this is something you have to be prepared it's very important that you understand this what i just showed you on a lot of coins you have this by the way guys so the coins that you see that on the daily get broken on the indie they come back to the indie And, you know, this is, by the way, not some trade that you're going to do in an hour or half an hour, two hours.

00:43:48
This is on the daily. So you have to be patient. Wait for it. Let it accumulate a little bit in the daily indicator. Find some power, find support, and then you'll see candles like this. You see, then you see candles like this. Bum, bum. So if you're trading leverage, by the way, guys, on the daily, just use like, you know, 2x, 3x, 5x, max 10x. Don't go higher. And just these are positions you're going to build for like a week, two weeks, three weeks, four weeks to make really huge, huge gains. You have to really do that. So I wanted to talk about some altcoins, by the way, today. I want to talk about Layer, by the way. Layer is really giving us so much money. Layer wants to make us rich.

00:44:35
That's the only. Explanation that I've got this coin wants to make us super rich, that's all I have to say. So, basically what's going on is this: so this layer, layer, uh, uh we had this uh beautiful retreat over this dump down um, everyone knows it gets into green and I think that most of you guys are wearing green, green never turns into red, never ever, ever. So, you're probably taking some profits, but it wants to fill us up again, so that's what it's doing. And that was this rise up, and let me tell you that the team they really filled up a huge bag and when I say a huge pack, really a big bag, and I told them, 'Wait a minute, don't go too big on these coins.' They told us, 'We don't give a crap,' and they went really big on this rise up.

00:45:33
So it's now testing. Let me see if they're engaged now. It's now testing. It's now testing in the Canada. But they went really, really heavy. They went really heavy on this one. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? Yes, I can see it. Yeah, they took a little bit of profits on the under under 50 minutes as I see it, but they went really, really heavy because the team is getting so annoyed with Layer and I understand that why they're getting annoyed and you know Layer is just Layer wants to pay him big; it's just this is gonna be I'd already said it that I think that Layer will be something like better. Because Barrow is really a massive, massive, massive payment. But I think that Layer will be better.

00:46:23
I think that Layer will give them even more gains. So let me tell you this. Layer is going to be really a big pay. And Layer has got just the luck for now that, you know, Bitcoin made the rise up. And it's feeding the FOMO here a little bit more. Because I think that this thing, you know, you know. Let me tell you this. It doesn't matter how bullish I get. The team will not close their shorts on Layer. It will not happen. It will not happen. They will destroy this coin. You heard this before, I think. Yes, I think you guys heard this before. But, you know, the team will destroy this coin. That's all I have to say. The team will totally destroy this coin. So that was about Layer.

00:47:11
I wanted to show you guys another coin. The Koreans were pumping. Oh, here it is. Here it is. Deeply. Deeply. Deep. Deep. Deep. Deep. Let me tell you. Deeply is, in my opinion, these are the Koreans. These are just Koreans doing this, guys. Listen, guys. Deeply is, in my opinion, the next layer. The team already, I think, they started shorting the crap out of this. But this thing, so if you watched, let me tell you this. If you watched Trading Course Fit 4. 0, if you are in the free private group, how do you get in the free private group? MW. Let me tell you how you get in the free private group. You get in the free private group by trading on Blowfin or B2X. That's how you get in the free private group.

00:48:03
So you trade there. But how do we get in? You need 100K trading volume. Oh, that's a lot, MW. No, it's not a lot. If you got $1,000 on your account, you trade this average, you'll get the 100K in no time. So it's not that hard. Do we also get the MW Indicator? Yes, you also get it for free. Is there any other way to get the MW Indicator? Yes, there is. Where? Ask Salsara. Ask Salsara. How do we do that? Well, you can use the links in my bio, they're on my YouTube channel, everywhere, the link of BTNX and Blowfin. By the way, I've been talking and looking for a new partnership. And let me be very strictly honest with you guys. I was talking with some other parties, big parties, crypto exchanges.

00:48:53
And let me tell you this. My question is this when I talk to these people. What makes you better than Blowfin? As a product. Okay. What makes you better than Bitunex? Well, we got this. Okay, let me check it. Because you know why? Why am I saying this? You know, guys, I've been trading on Maxi. I've been trading on Binance, Bybit, KuCoin, the best in the markets. The trading platform of Blovin, for example, is better than any of those. And I understand, I never knew this because it's the retailers that told me, listen, Blovin, Blovin, Blovin. I never knew Blovin. But, you know, Blovin has got, if you trade on the desktop, they've got the best trading view integration ever. And by the way, for the beginners course, people, this is a surprise for you guys.

00:49:56
I'm going to take you with me on that. I'm going to show you exactly how to trade on Blofin on a desktop because it's so super easy. You can put in stop loss, take profits, you can put it up, down. You don't have to put in the numbers. This is for the ones that are on the desktop, by the way, on the laptop. So this is not for the ones on the app. I'm not talking about that. You guys cannot imagine. It's really great. So I ask them always, what makes you better? So there is no answer. Then I tell them, well, if there is no answer, if you are not better in anything. Why would I join up with you guys? You have to be better at something.

00:50:34
Because Beautynext is super fast, a lot of liquidity, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And Blovin is very good in their technology. They invest a lot of money in their trading platform to make it as easy and simple for retailers to trade on. That's why it's also one of the most. So if you want to, so actually, if you want, just, if you already have a Blovin account, you can also just DM GTC Insider. And uh, we will flip you to the GTC community also get access so you don't need to open up a new account, especially if you got one here we see account on blowfin or btnx by the way, so both so you can just fill in the form there's a form and uh every uh in a few days you'll get an answer so this deep by the way, let me first of all explain you guys exactly why this thing is pumping, did I do something no something changed, no.

00:51:29
The only reason why this is pumping is because they added the KWR or RW, the deep Korean asset, that's why it's pumping. What, MW, are you serious? Yes, I'm serious. These Koreans are, you know, these Koreans, I'm telling you, these Koreans are the heroes of crypto. These Koreans are the heroes of crypto. These Koreans are pumping so much money into altcoins, that's how we're going to make money, we need them, we need them, they can't short but we can, at least the local people cannot short, all these other guys can short, of course. So, keep an eye on deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. I think that the team is already in. Some kind of short over here, I think they're already short-this is this foam on this deep, whatever the deep by the way, guys.

00:52:29
I think that this is the next layer and the next barrel and the next up it's in that so uh basically, that's that's that's it for me and I just wanna I just wanna see what you guys have to say. I've got a very very very big big green screen over here so let me see what do we got. Yeah, Peter, Peter, Peter, this is a very good question. You have to understand that Blowfin is a non-KYC exchange. And these non-KYC exchanges, you can KYC, by the way, but these non-KYC exchanges, what they do is they have history for three months. Because I've seen it with weeks, I've seen it with a lot of them. So it's like they're holding, they only hold like three months of history. But you can ask them yourself. You can ask them if you want transaction. They need to provide you that.

00:53:25
Yes, yes, yes. It's really a very exciting beginner's course. Let's see, when is the beginner's course starting? Very good. Ask Salsara. Now, ALS was one of my top 10 coins, and it's outperforming anything. And, you know, I think it's these Chinese or Koreans or whatever are pumping. I've seen it. I've seen it, Elena. So, tweeting view is not working for me. I don't know what you mean by that. Why is it not working? Um, 20 console was epic so yeah it flakes i know i know bro a long wait but it's you know if you understand keep watching it to understand it and then try it out um Griffin I got when shorting it yes about it I think it will bounce on the data okay overview okay so there aren't a lot of questions okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you guys have no questions well that makes my life more easy I love you all.

00:54:23
You guys, you know, TradingView is... I'm not going to swear, but someone is swearing. Why? What's wrong with TradingView? TradingView is having problems. My TradingView is working fine. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Everything is looking fine for me. TradingView, I'm doing my live stream on TradingView. It's down. Well, it's not down here. It's working. You see, you know. Over here, ah, you're right, no, yeah, it's working! Look at this, strike, it's working! Let me see, is working? Ah, oh, this was uh, oh, oh, you were uh, I'm sorry, you were talking about oh, I thought you were talking about Ash, ah, Helena, sorry, sorry, yes, Ash. Ash, oh, you're talking about about this one.

00:55:31
Why not? Let's analyze Ash. Let's analyze this. Because, you know, when Janice is interested in shorting it, it probably is smelling some kind of money. Let's do it. Let's go for it. Let's go and check it out. You know, it was off my radar, to be honest, you know. Uh, we made some nice money on it and then you know I just uh forget about it, I just forget about it, uh, let me see, let me see how is it looking? Let me use it out, why is this thing pumping by the what's the reason for this are these the Koreans by the way could it be the Koreans? I don't know, let's see, is there any reason why this thing is pumping? Uh, Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

00:56:19
Let's see. Let's see. Are we going to make some money today, guys, on this coin? What do you guys think? Do you guys think that we can make some money on this coin? Maybe we can. Maybe we can. Let's see. Let me see. Alk. Alk. Alk. Alk. Alk. It's all about Alk. Alk. Alk. Let's see this one. What is it? It's over here. Let me see. Aha. Aha. Aha. So, it's bouncing up beautifully over here, so this means that the power is still there. Let me check one moment, guys; I'm checking the fundings, let me check some other stuff also, and let me check what my buddies, the Koreans are doing-uh, I need to know first what is going on over here so first of all what's going on over here.

00:57:06
So, first of all, what's going on over here? Let me put on the indie, ah, we're testing the 50-minute now, ah, so 50-minute boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, and now we're retesting; how is it looking under one hour, I, one hour, did we didn't even retrace it, one-I said that's also very good. I was looking at a four-hour hour, and four-it's looking even better, oh this is looking good, looking good, and then we go over here also, this one; how is this one looking? So, we have to, you have to, have to see; I have to check if we if this is as it so um, what is the funding rate-ah, also looking good.

00:57:43
So, so you know, so actually everything is looking great; the only thing that's not looking good why this thing is not Dumping so that's that's basically, let me check one more thing-everything is looking good to be honest, I you know, I'm not seeing anything. Um, uh, let's see this one. Ah, this is something I'm not liking. This is something I don't like. So what I don't like is the for for short for short. What I don't like is this. These are dangerous shorts, guys. Why are these dangerous shorts? Something I'm going to educate you today. So you can shorten the crap out of it, by the way. That's not the issue. But the problem is, is that these coins are dangerous.

00:58:28
Especially if, you know, if retailers, a group, you know, like the retail firm starts opening shorts on this one, especially if you're going to do it with a lot of money, they could liquidate you very fast. Why? Because that market cap is just too low. It's dangerous because this has this thing has got a market gap of 175 million with a fully diluted markup of 200 million. It's also looking good, so if you know that market makers see that they can liquidate a lot of retailers, they could do it very fast. So if you're gonna take this trade if you're gonna short the crap out of it, don't go into heavy; please do it slowly, nice and slow, treat it like a woman (I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that).

00:59:07
So, you have to really, really, you know, you have to just go easy on it. Don't push it. Don't go push, push, push, push, push, push, push, because they could wreck you very fast. They could wreck you very fast. So this is, in my opinion, a good short, but it's a dangerous short. So keep that in mind. So this is looking a good short, but it's a dangerous short because I don't like, you know, I've explained this already on Monday. The problem is, you know, the retail firm-we've got really a lot of people with a lot of money. It's just what it is. There are a lot of people in the retail firm with a lot of money. They really have portfolios over the $500K, $1 million.

00:59:47
You know, I really hope that you guys will make so much more money. It's not about that. But it's, you know, when we're charting and looking for trade setups on these low-cap altcoins, this is just too dangerous. Because our power is just too big, maybe at some point our power is so big that we will push the price down, but I think that I have to get involved for that. But you have to see it like this, guys: it's it's it's it's it's just super dangerous. So just respect the lines over here. But if you're gonna show it, is just do it slowly nice and slow, and just respect the indicator. By the way, so the indicator on the 15-minute I just showed you guys – so if this thing, if this is closed already above it, so this is also, this is no trade now.

01:00:36
This is no trade; it was a trade before, now it's not a trade. So you have to keep that in mind, guys: so this is no trade now. You have to wait for it, wait for it to close below it, and then bang! Bang! Then there you go. Or even if you want to go when you have to go in at the real resistance over here, just slowly but surely. This is now; if you want to be safe, uh, only trade this on the indicator, and the indicator is now powerful you're seeing this; it's pushing it's pushing. So we close below it, but no, no, no, no, no; we're Gonna push it now, just too many shorts open or whatever, or they they want to push it, so put your alarm over here on a confirmation down, that's where you enter; you can also trade this by the way.

01:01:19
In the five minutes, you can do it like this, you know? So this was your entry, you made some money over here, this double was your out over here, you're out again, so now you just chase it on the five minute, you just keep chasing it every time when it goes below it and then you open up your short; it's just easy money, easy money, easy peasy money, it's just how it works. So uh this is one of those coins that you can make a lot of money on if you do it just like I'm. Educating you guys, just like I showed you guys, but do it the safe way, please do it the safe way, don't get wrecked in the process. Uh, is this coin good for a chase trade?

01:01:49
I don't think so; the market cap is too small for this because you have to also... I i think I didn't say this on the on the trading course uh vid maybe i forgot about it. Chase trades I told you about chase trades uh there are a lot of factors in before we choose a coin to chase rate it, so I told you: you have to wait if the GTC team shares someone or I do share someone but most of the time we share them both; but you have to keep in mind that we know which ones we can chase rate uh an altcoin. Especially if we're going to get that, you know, that altcoin season that rise up, that I was explaining you on Monday; an article like Alchemist with a 170 million market cap.

01:02:32
You cannot chase trade this one; they will destroy you because this coin can make a 5x, it's easy, 5x, 6x, 10x. You'll get liquidated so just don't. This is no case today; stay away from it, leave it. If you want to trade, trade under five minutes, 15 minutes, but don't chase traders. Definitely not Layer one can change the rate. You know, there was one question from a weed farmer. He told me, MW, listen, you do these live streams like three days or four days, sometimes five days in a week. And it surprises me. Every freaking day, I keep learning more and more and more and more. And does this knowledge never stop? Because, you know, every time I watch your live stream, I think to myself, okay, well, he already told us about around everything I need to know.

01:03:20
What new can he still tell me to educate me? He tells me, he keeps surprising me. Every freaking day, I learn something else again. And I think, is this ever going to stop? I don't know. By the way, guys, you know, I don't prepare my bad life. I just, you know, for me, it's just like, I'm just one of you guys. I get to my office. I take a drink of tea. I smoke a cigarette. And then I go to my office and then I, you know, I. I prepare the thumbnail on this and that. It's prepared by Salsa, by the way. And then I just share it with you because I'm going live in 30 minutes. And in those 30 minutes, I'm doing a lot of other stuff.

01:03:54
And then I just open up my screen and I do it together with you. That's it. That's it. But I think that's also the best offer you can get when you do it that way. I love you all. Let me see... Do I have some one more question that I'm going to close? Yes, Magdalene. Yes, Magdalene. Magdalene, very good one. I love this one. Magdalene, is Sparkle close or short? Yes, in my opinion, it is. Yes, I think. But, you know, Magdalene, I already said this. For the ones that remember. Guys, I already gave you a level when I think that Fartcon is good for short. For the ones that remember it. Maybe it was Monday. But I said it. And, you know, there was one guy, he DM'd me, he told me, MW.

01:04:40
I love you when you give us those short targets. And why? He told me, I long the crap out of them until they hit. He told me, can I imagine how much money I'm making on that? I love it when you give us like, okay, that's a right spot to short. Because he told me, my experience with that is, when you give us those spots where you're going to short the crap out of them, nine of the 10 times they hit. He told me, so what I do is. I just longed them with a lot of power towards it. And, you know, I made so much money. So I thought, good for that. I already told you, Magdalene. I think it was, I think it was, I think it was 1 .

01:05:17
30. I think it was 1 . 30. Where's Fart? Oh, here's Fart. Here it is. Here it is. So bad it, so bad it, so bad it, so bad it. Here it is. We're in the box. So this is the shorting box. Well, it's blue. It shouldn't be blue. I'm sorry. Forgive me for making it blue. Please forgive me, guys. So this is the red zone. For Fartacoin, this is Fartacoin Red Zone. So this is until the 1:30. I think that this is when Fartacoin needs to take a breather. So Fartacoin is taking the breather, just like I told you. So you should already be in this chart. And I showed you this chart. I know for sure that I showed you guys this chart. And I told you 1:30.

01:05:55
I think that's when things will probably know. Yesterday, I had a – there was still a one-on-one was scheduled from the auction months ago. So it wasn't until yesterday that I did it, but it was a great one-on-one. I never done these one-on-ones because I just don't like – I'm a financial advisor. I don't like these one-on-ones. I just don't like them. I got offered a lot of money to do them, but I just don't want to do them. So I did once this auction. I did some one-on-ones, but, you know, by time, I really love to do this. You know, I love because, you know, I'm doing most of the times, I'm doing the one-on-ones, I'm doing with, you know, people that I know for years.

01:06:39
They're with me on Twitter and, you know, whatever, YouTube, they're with me. And, you know, when you get those one-on-ones with them and, you know, and you start digging in and I start getting into their minds and start giving them some really tricks. Personal tricks, uh, some things just so I'm giving the trading style they need based on their, you know, their personal uh manners or personal situations and how they should see things. You know, it wasn't yesterday; it was yesterday with one of my favorite read-for members, one of my favorite read-for members by the way, I'm not gonna name his name, but it's it's a it's it's it's it's a male uh mill, but you know.

01:07:15
After after you know I love that you know, you know, I just love that one one that I did with you know, just you know, I had you know, I just you know, you get to know these people. It's just like I know them personally; it's very strange, you know. But I just love I really loved it, I really loved. It's really loved, oh by the way, I'm seeing that swarms, oh swarms, swarms, you know that wrecked one, look at this, swamps, oh swarms, why did Travel 11 not tell me something about swarms? Look at these guys, remember I know that you guys don't remember, you know. It's always MW or whatever. No, no, no, no, no, no. I told you about this. Look at this. It doubled. Accumulation, accumulation, boom.

01:07:57
Oh, you guys, you can make so much money. You just need to get that money in. Don't be afraid. Just do it. Just freaking do it. So let me see. Where is Hans Yellow Heart Red? I'm sorry. I'm just too tired to understand it. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Good question. Cheesecake MW. I'm watching but slightly behind as I'm doing. When you said confirm the support on the daily, does that mean you only enter after the candle closes within the daily candle? Yes, it has to close above. So on the bottom. So on the bottom. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Can I show you over here? Where are you? Where's my indicator? I'm not seeing my indicator.

01:08:45
Let me go over here. So basically what you're seeing is this is an example. This is an example. So this is an example. So over here, we just lost it. So this is no trade. This is a short trade, in my opinion. This is also a short trade, by the way. You see that the price went up again. This happens. So that's why I'm explaining it. Because you know why? If this thing was going bearish, going dumpy, but Bitcoin decided to pump, you'll get this. Because you have to keep in mind that, you know, you have to first of all, first of all, you have to analyze Bitcoin. Because like Bitcoin, if Bitcoin is above the indicator on the daily, don't expect altcoins to dump.

01:09:21
So even if this thing, you have to see like this is the difference between me and many others. So if, for example, so I'm following my indicator and this thing has been closing below it. Okay. So I think to myself, I'm going to short it. But wait, wait, wait. One minute. One minute. Wait. Bitcoin is still holding the range above the indicator. So that's bullish. And especially if I'm going to get bullish. So it's just like one guy. On Wednesday, I always watch your streams. I hate shorting. I never short markets, nothing. The only thing I do is I keep, it's a torture. He told me it's a big torture watching your live streams. Why? Because he told me, I'm only interested when you get bullish.

01:10:02
And when you get bullish, I just go all in. And he doesn't trade leverage, by the way, he just trades spot. That's what I do. He said, 'I've been doing this past year and I'm always.' Uh, I'm over almost 30x his account but he goes like all in this guy is crazy but he told me so he told me can't you just dm me or something when you're gonna make when you flip bullish that's way uh that way I don't have to watch your live streams, I thought what look, I'm gonna pay you big for it, just just just dm me, tell me, okay, I'm gonna make a hash of it, I'm bullish, you turn bullish, that's the only thing I'm interested in

01:10:38
some crazy people in the world but listen, so if if suppose that you suppose that you want, you want a short arc for example over here on the daily because the daily by the way guys is really for people that are trading four hour time frame, daily factors, it's not the ones that go in and out, so you're willing to hold your position for a week, two weeks, three weeks, five days, four days, whatever, so but over here this would be a short entry because this is super bearish, but if bitcoin is above the indie and looking bullish And it starts romping up just like we saw. You cannot expect this thing to dump down. It's that easy. It's that simple. But what you're seeing, there are a lot of examples over here.

01:11:21
For example, this one. So we came above it, retested. This could be an entry. This could be an entry. This could be an entry. This is an entry. This is an entry. This is even a perfect entry, this one over here. And then you got this entry. You got this entry. This entry. This entry. You see? This is where you can make all those moves up because this is by the way, especially, especially these are the moves that I'm explaining so this is great that I saw this example, what you're seeing now is you're seeing a lot of altcoins, a lot of altcoins were traveling below the indicator the past months, weeks, especially after after January, so now what you see, you see this thing go above the indie and then you see it's coming back, confirmation, and then Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, Pang, and then up she goes, up she goes, up she goes.

01:12:12
So these are what I'm preparing you guys for, this is what I want, this is what I explained on Monday and I'm explaining today again, this is what I'm eyeing, this is what I'll be doing, I'm looking for the altcoins that ramped up, came back, retested support over here. And then we'll travel up. So I'm trying to get myself in a lot of positions on these levels, on a lot of altcoins. And I think that I explained this now into perfection. I think that nobody will ask something. You understand. So this is what I'm eyeing now. And I'm also willing to lose money this time. Yes, I'm willing to lose. Because why? Because that's how bullish I am on altcoins. Coming weeks, months. I'm super bullish on altcoins.

01:13:02
And, you know, there was one guy on Twitter, he told me, wait a minute, but Scott Melker, he told me that altcoins are done and it's all about Bitcoin, etc. Listen, bro. That's Scott Melker. He's he. I'm I. So, he has his opinion. I have my opinion. Now, let's see. Let's see. Because if you would just listen to me, if Scott Melker would be right, because in my opinion, he is either living on another planet or I don't know where he is. I don't know what charts he's checking. But if you would just check what I've been sharing past two weeks, especially with the beginning of the Koreans that nobody's talking about. And I showed you guys that a lot of altcoins are going to pump, are going up, especially the one getting listed, up it, volume.

01:13:56
If you would just see how many altcoins have been pumping from bottoms past two weeks. He would never say that. Because those are the facts. He would never say what he said. Because there is a big group of coins, and especially with past Sunday, when the Binance gang started flipping some Bitcoin into certain altcoins, pumping them up 100%, 200%. We haven't seen that for a big while. If he got his opinion, I've got my opinion, but let's get the fact together. The only fact that he can beat me with is this. He can beat me with the fact that we are, this is not showing that altcoins are, what is it? So this is his fact. He can beat me with this one. He can beat me with this one.

01:14:43
It's his right to beat me with this one because Bitcoin is just as strong. By the way, we didn't do ETH BTC, by the way. Oh, it's going to be a really big, big stream. Oh, it's going to be a really long stream. It's filled with alpha guys. It's very important. Because if I would be discussing Scott Melker, and by the way, for you guys just to know, Scott Melker, not him personally, but his assistant or secretary, they've been inviting me for like two weeks now. And it's a bit of shame for my side because every time I've got something else to do, so I cannot join them at Crypto Town Hall. But, you know, I'm going to try to get on the show.

01:15:21
Uh, the coming weeks uh, if they want me because they have invited me for like three four times and I didn't show up there you know, so but you know, but Scott Melker, the only discussion that I would discuss this guy is listen over here he's right, but the facts are that the money that is flowing in from Korea, they're not pumping Bitcoin with it; they're pumping a lot of altcoins with it. And it's not one, two, three, four altcoins. No, it's like, you know, 20, 30, 40 altcoins are pumping. So that's, you know, for us retailers, that's all we need. We only need, we don't need 10,000 altcoins to pump. We just need 50, 100 altcoins to pump and we're going to make our money.

01:16:03
So basically what Scott Marker is saying, he's right. But what I'm saying is also right. But now comes the difference between me and Scott. Scott always, just like, all the others, they always tell you what's happening that day. I'm not so focused on what's happening today. I'm focused on what's going to happen next week, what's going to happen next month, what's going to happen in two days. And that's what I was explaining to you guys, that this is really resistance. And I think that this thing also needs a little bit of, you know, calm down, give the altcoins a little bit of, and especially if you would look at this one. Then we will disagree like a million percent. Let's look where we are.

01:16:48
If you say, oh, well, altcoins will never go up, this and that, whatever, look where we are. So if you want to say that to me, tell me that story over here, Mr. Scott Malker. But if you will tell me that altcoins will never go up at the bottom, then I think to myself, you're either having another agenda or you're just not seeing. The clear sight of so, if you want me to show you this, I'm willing to show you this, but this is not the time to start saying that altcoins are dead. Altcoins will never wake up; altcoins will never go up. You can tell me that over here; you can tell me that over here. That story I'll believe you in live link, listen uh. Altcoins are dead; altcoins won't go up.

01:17:35
It's all about Bitcoin, blah blah blah. Okay, I believe you; I'm with you; I'm with you. You know i'm I'm going to shout it everywhere. Okay, you're right. It's, you know, over here. Boom. Yes, you're right. Yes, yes. Altcoins are dead. Don't tell me that over here. Don't tell me that over here. Because when you're telling me that, you're either making a fool out of me, or you think that I'm a fool, or you're fooling whoever it is that you're telling that story to. Don't tell people over here that altcoins are dead. This is when you're a hero. This is when you're a hero. This is when you're a hero. Not here. Don't tell me that over there. Because guys, when I argue with someone, when I have another opinion about someone, I always explain myself with facts, with charts.

01:18:23
It's not like I'm just yelling, oh, I think they're going to moon. It's not like that. I'm just showing you. Bang, bang. Guys, it's enough for me. Your Trading View is working. So, you know, I took you with me. You have been enjoying my trading view while your Trading View is not working. I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for joining. And if someone or anyone is angry about the indicator or the beginner's course or the high volume courses, whatever, you can all blame. Who to blame, guys, in the chat? Who can they blame? Three, two, one. Who is out there to blame? Yes, just blame her, blame her, I know I did my thing, I did my part, thank you for watching guys, I really love you all, I think yeah, I think it was, I think he sells right exactly, she's the one sells off the blame, yes he's the one, it's just what it is, guys, I really love you, thanks all for watching, I hope hope hope hope

01:19:29
Maybe Friday, Friday will be the next next next next next the next stream. Just keep in mind, guys, that for now We're just gonna side-step and keep in mind that we're nearly really heading into resistance. So, so secure profits by securing profits. I keep saying you have to hire out those stop-losses. You have to hire stop-losses. So that's all you have to do, okay. Well, have a nice one. Thanks for watching it. Bye. Bye.