*** Live Stream 05-07-2025 Layer finally gave up !! *** 

00:03:26
Yes, I'm going to cry a lot of rivers. Yes, yes, yes. I'm going to cry so many rivers. Okay, welcome, welcome. Welcome, MWM. We're going to get to it in Crypto. welcome back! So, I'm gonna do a live today, why because there is a big possibility that I'm not able to do a live tomorrow and also tomorrow with Powell coming up, so it is what it is. So we're gonna talk about it, we're going to prepare for it, do some analyses, talk a little bit about crypto, but some altcoins and yeah, also about talking about the taxi their mineshaft. So, we're going to talk about a lot of stuff. So, bad sound. Do you have bad sound? Okay, confirmation, everyone. Can you hear me good? Confirmation, confirmation. I can hear you, Salsara.

00:04:29
Welcome, Salsara. Can everyone else hear me also? Well, I can hear you, but your mic was a bit, in the beginning, the sound was bad. I think now it's good. You were not hearing those music running I don't know I don't know I know now it's okay now it's okay now it's a sound is good okay so welcome welcome welcome welcome anyone yes we can hear okay so let me see let me see what do I got over here what do I got over here we got escaping still Leon that Pedro got mark Arik, we got Delvish and Zeg, Danu, we got Helena, we got Matija, we got, what is this? Oh, this is a new one. Yiti Sun. Welcome, Yiti Sun. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Walid, we got Karima Ziz, we got Al Pink.

00:05:28
Al Pink, Al Pink, Karima Ziz, we got, what is this? Xoxo, Xoxo June. Okay. It's XOXOU. It's XOXOU. You know, I was a little bit with this, you know, I was a little bit with TC Sun and then XOXOU. You know, I love these names. Beautiful names, by the way. So we got Ellen, we got Maddox, we got Aqib Walid, Mark. We got Rob McCord. We got Capians. We got Elena. We got Stacey. We got Jerry. We got EFR. Turtle. Let me tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet very fast that we're live for the ones that are still. in whatever we are live let me tweet it the ones that are still shocked why knows there was one guy he it was one guy he dm me he told me listen mw i have no time for your life why what's going on i'm running to cash out the money i made on what yes i need to cash it out okay I told them, okay, well, I forgive you.

00:07:02
I forgive you. Go, go, go, go. These Russians are crazy, by the way. Russian guys, crazy. I'm W, I'm W. Listen, brother, if you come to Russia, you will be king. We will make you king of Russia. I love Russia, by the way. So, just, I love Russia. But he told me, we will make you king here. Just come to Russia. You will be king of Russia. Okay, so he's, I don't know, he's going to some office where he can cash out his USDT into cash or whatever. So he told me, I made a lot of money today. I told him, I know that you made a lot of money. I know. So I need to cash out. I need to get it in cash. Okay, okay, okay. You go, you go.

00:07:55
So crazy stuff. Really some crazy. Crazy stuff going on in the world, you know. Really some some some crazy stuff going on in the world. People are crazy, people are crazy. But who is this? Oh later still dumping. Oh wait a minute, do I got my two thousand percent? I need 30. It's $1,960. Oh, crappy, crappy, crappy. They don't want to give me it. They don't want to give it to me. What do we got? Who is this? Artful Dojo. Artful Dojo. Bro, I'm speechless. Thank you for being such an outstanding teacher. No. Actually, it's not that I'm. It's not just teachers, you know. Someone can be a teacher. Anyone can be a teacher. Anyone can be a teacher. It's not about being a teacher.

00:08:59
What I'm trying to teach you, you need to believe. You know, I understand for some people, if you're not educated by me how to leverage trades, that's a problem. That's just one big problem. So you'll probably get stopped on that. You'll get liquidated. I cannot help you because when the market makers go, you know, go hunting retailers, I can't help you because you're not trading the NW style. I cannot help you. It's that simple. But if you are educated by me, and you did watch the Trading Course Vids, and how can we get the exit? Yes. Listen, guys. Trading Course Vids, you cannot donate any money. You cannot pay money for them. Nothing. The only way to get into the Trading Course Vids is if you're trading on B2NX, Blowfin, or Prime, the new partnership.

00:09:53
So either on Prime, Bloven, so for Prime is basically for the, you know, more the stock traders, the industry traders, the, you know, Forex, et cetera. But then, you know, really the shit coins, altcoins, Bitcoin, Ethereum, etcetera, Binance and Bitfinex, it's the only way to get into there. So, so basically, I just, you know. It was just yesterday I did this vid about, I talked about Leia. You know, I wasn't going to talk about Leia, but, you know, so I talked about Leia yesterday. I was expecting Helena to make a vid about it or someone else from the Rita film to make a vid about it. Or maybe even Salsa might make a vid about it. Just a short vid. But nobody did. Okay, well, no problem. No problem. No problem. No problem. Maybe I'll make it myself.

00:10:55
When you trade the MWA and you believe, when you believe, when you believe, I know that the funding rates were getting crazy because that's normal. And I don't know if I can say this, but the team, the GTC team, they opened up fire to the market makers organized together with some underground traders. So there was a big, big fight going on in the morning. And, you know, I was just holding my popcorn and enjoying it. So I was really looking. And I think that a lot of you guys don't understand this, but this was really market makers versus professional traders. That's what happened. So it is. one of the most beautiful things i can

00:11:51
see you know i was seeing it really live what they were doing how they were doing it and you know that was really you know at some point that you know you know that what they did was they were waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting and when when when when the market makers started getting exhausted and and they started getting weak uh that's when they they were waiting for it and then they It was striking. They strike very hard, by the way. They strike really, really, really, really hard. At some point, I was talking to Salsara in the morning about it, and I told her, listen, the market makers cannot bounce it up now. They cannot. Because when we had this drop, let me put it on the one hour.

00:12:35
So when we had this drop, I knew that there was no bounce coming. I knew it over here. When did we talk about a thing in the morning over here? And I knew there is no bounce coming. You know why because this goes very deep in trading but what happens just explain you guys in normal language what happens is you know team and some underground traders they opened up fire very hard and what they did is at the same time they, you know, they're not stupid so what they did was, you know, when they, when they, when they attacked. When the price comes down, what they do is they secure this profit. Nobody can take it away from them. So these market makers, they know this. They see this. So market makers cannot do something like this. Because why? If they would do something like this, this bubble over here will get filled over here. And they cannot allow that. Because then they have to pay them twice.

00:13:46
You know, but listen guys, this is next level uh trading and you know it's it goes deep, it goes deep, it goes very deep. You know that's also why, you know my last tweet, uh tweeted, you know I was scrolling through my feed and you know I'm seeing all these wannabe wannabe Einsteins in trading, analyzing, investing, crypto. All those stories about, you know, look how successful I've been. I've seen them on the crypto event. Look how successful we are. Look how this we are. Guys, you know, you don't have to believe me. You just don't believe me. But if you want to believe me, it's 99. 99% lies. It's lies. It's really lies, that's all it is, guys. It's pure lies.

00:14:43
Listen, guys, I've been at the crypto event at the crypto event this year, and there were no projects out there, none, yeah, maybe there were, maybe let's just say like this, there were maybe like Max 5% of the crypto event was some projects, whoever, whatever. But nobody was there. Nothing was there. You know what was out there? There was only people telling you the success stories, bullshit stories on Excel or YouTube. Look how great I am. That's what it's all about. I received a DM from one of the RetoFair members. He told me today, listen, MW, there is one guy and he's using your indicator. He isn't even mentioning you. You have to see it like this because this is a very, very, very good example of what I'm trying to explain.

00:15:55
These guys, they don't know how to trade. These guys are not successful in trading. These guys are not successful in investing because these are just facts. I cannot get into details. These guys try, and some do it very good, and some don't. These guys are all into marketing. You've got these dropshipping people. You've got these marketing people. You've got these NFT communities. You've got these shilling communities, et cetera. This is what you've got in crypto. And what they do is everyone can. Every one of you guys in this chat, you can make a nice story about yourself and use the Indie and make something about, yeah, well, you know, I'm the great trader. I'm this and I'm that. It's all about the marketing, guys. It's all about the marketing.

00:16:44
That's how they make money. These guys are marketing experts. But what is the big proof of this? If we would just look at the biggest accounts in crypto, who are they? You've got Banter. You've got this Altcoin Dalio. You got this Alex Becker. You got Coin Bureau. You got whatever. So these are just some of the biggest accounts in crypto. If you would just analyze every single one of them, these guys are professional marketeers. That's it. These guys are professional marketeers. That's also the reason why they are the biggest, because they nail the marketing part. And the big problem is, the big problem is this, is that people in crypto, they follow the masses of the biggest accounts, that's what they follow. So these big accounts, they make most money, they make it from these people that follow them.

00:17:56
But the people that follow these big accounts, they want to make money. They want to get financially dependent. They want, you know, whatever. But the reality is those guys themselves don't know how to make money trading or investing because that's not what they're good at. So the real traders, the real traders, they get attacked. They get ghosted. They get blocked. They get hacked. That's what they do with these people because it's one network. It's one circle. Unfortunately, most of them, they live here, where I live. But it's just one big network. And what happened is these people, so the real good traders, it's very hard for you guys to find them. And even if you would find them, you'll just scroll through them. Because why?

00:18:47
Because you are just humans, just like I'm a human, everyone is human. You follow the herd, you follow, you know, okay? Well, this guy, let me see, this guy, how much, yeah, he got like 3k followers or he got like, you know, uh, 2k, uh, YouTube subscribers maybe. Let's check him out, let's just, you know, spend like 30 minutes, let's see what this guy has to say. You just have to watch it with a good glasses and most of the time these are the people that can help you become financially dependent because there's one thing for sure: the big accounts will not... The big accounts don't matter-bitcoin at a million he'll tell you to buy it still early, or bitcoin at five bucks he'll tell you just buy.

00:19:34
And even worse, when markets dump, they tell you to get out of the market. It's like they basically tell you the opposite of what you should do and you know, you have no clue what you're following, you have no clue what you're doing because these guys-they change from narrative in 24 hours or maybe sometimes even faster. Today, there are bullies, then berries, then bullies, berries. We're breaking out, we're breaking in, we're going up, we're going down. We have some new news, we have this, we have that, da-da-da, da-da-da, da-da-da. It's always they send you to any direction. You really have no clue what you're doing. And the thing that surprises me even more is the fact that they offer these training courses. They offer these trading courses in collaborations with other people.

00:20:19
And to be honest, I've checked some of them. And I'm going to be super honest with you guys. It's a lot of crap. It's just a lot of crap. You know, mom's trading, uncle's trading, grandpa's trading. You know, children of five years old are trading. Everyone is trading. Everyone that knows how to put a stochastic RSI, a Fib, on a chart, a trend line. He's a traitor if it would be that easy if it would be that easy do you really if it would be that easy that you know everyone in the world should be rich but it's not. You know, I was talking to a friend of mine lately, and he was talking about these technical analysts.

00:21:09
You know, you know the guys with the heat maps and, you know, the volume bars and, you know, with all the lines and everything and money flowers or whatever, you know, all the lines on this chart. Phil, why do you think that you always, when you see me, when you see me, my charts, this is what you see. You can see lines just for levels. This was, you know. I only put this line over here so you guys know that this was the highest level. But this is what you see. You see nothing. Even the best indicator, in my opinion, I don't even put it on. I just remove it. This is my chart. You know, the most funny part is, when was it? I had a one-on-one.

00:21:52
I had a one-on-one with someone. And the first thing, it was a woman. At first, I saw those volume sticks here. You remember those volume sticks here, green and red? I thought, what the freak is that? Why? Okay, tell me. Okay, explain to me. How are those volume sticks going to help you trading or investing? Just answer me. You got some volume sticks over here? Okay, you guys all know them. The volume sticks you know, you see all the green red green red green all those volume sticks over here, okay fine, you've got them over there, okay fine. How are those volume sticks gonna help you trading or investing? What are those volume sticks gonna tell you, because what you need to know to make money you need to know what's gonna happen next.

00:22:51
And that was already happened. You need to know what's going to happen next. You can calculate the moves based on history. That's another story. But you have to calculate what's going to happen next. So when you're going to try to calculate that, how are those volume sticks going to help you? I'm not, you know, I can put them on my chart, but, you know, they hurt my eyes when I put them on. So I'm not even going to put them on. You know, but so my cool my first question so the first lesson was remove it don't put anything on that chart that should that is not gonna help you to make money remove it let's remove it.

00:23:47
You know, I spent some time. I spent some time. This is about, I think, 20, 30 years ago. I spent a lot of time in educating myself into technical analysis, et cetera, et cetera. So, you know, I did. I know them all. I've used them all. Everything. But after my education, the first thing, my first lesson was remove them all. so i don't want to waste your time don't waste your time just you know just just just just just just just i'm gonna save you all the time just remove them you know you have to see it like this you guys are with me a lot of times so you know exactly what i say what i do what i do and how i do it so you keep seeing me nailing all those everything do you guys have you guys ever seen me use one of those fibonaccis and you know you've got also this jewels you've got this you know jewels market ciphers uh green dots blue dots uh sell buy whatever did you guys ever see me use one of those never never ever why why would the best trader on the webs don't use all that crap

00:25:18
Guys, this is very important. Oh, great. Oh, that's great. Guys, I know it might sound a little bit crazy what I'm saying now. It's super important what I'm saying. It's the start for you. It's how you will change everything that you're thinking of. You know, I got a DM from another retail firm member. He has been with us for a very long time. He told me today, he told me after our one-on-one, he told me it feels like I'm a professional trader. I just can't lose.

00:26:07
You know, I told him, it's not that. It's not that, bro. The thing is, you are listening. If you don't, oh! Salsa, can we have some celebration music or something? Sure, we can. Okay, you put on the song. Just put on the song on YouTube, whatever. Celebration. This is also a very good, this is also a good one. This is also a good one. So here we go. Check Twitter.

00:26:48
Jack Twitter! Jack Twitter!

00:27:32
There you go. Tweet it out. I think you're going to hit 3,000. I'm not sure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 2,000% is there.

00:28:02
Thank you for the music. Thank you for the music. Okay, someone is not stopping the music. Someone, please stop the music! Okay, I'm going to stop it myself. Okay, and then I'm going to stop the music. I think Salsara was so shocked by the Oh, there she is. Oh, I was asking like five times, please stop the music. Oh, let's see. Okay, there it is. So, okay, guys, okay, guys, okay. Hey, what's going on? What's going on? Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I think my internet broke. I'm literally screaming from the car on my mobile. What is this? MB, could you show briefly on a clean chart of you in the identifying levels? That's something for the trading course, bro. That's something for the trading course.

00:29:16
It's not something for today. So basically, let me, let me, let me. Okay, guys, we're going to run into the charts, guys. So this thing is just dumping down, you know. I can keep saying just like on Anna, just like on all those other coins that I did and promised. Oh, look how great I am. I'm W. Listen, I'm the best trader on the web. I'm the best. Look how great I am. At the end, who gives a F? Who gives a F? Because over here, they're all very interested. MW, MW, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong. And then boom, and then 2,000%. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. Okay, you hit it. Okay, it dumped. Oh, yeah, whatever.

00:29:54
you know so people they remember when i'm tracing and chase trading it that's when they that's all they want to talk about but when it dumps down then yeah well whatever whatever so i'm also going to do the whatever so uh forget about this i think this thing will dump down to the 120 so uh you might get maybe a little bit of a bounce but you know 120 120 125 is the next level so let's go to the germania look at germania look at germania where is germania so let me put on the indicator it's very important as you guys can see over here so germania we had this dump this was a pretty big dump uh this was uh so it was you know just like shared yesterday so it pumped up to uh autumn high this was autumn high so over here we got a low low and then

00:30:47
now there was also uh something going on in germany with um you know some votes whatever and well basically he didn't get the votes it was a big shock and so this they're saying they are saying that that was the reason why this thing dumped in my opinion that's just a lot of crap because um this is either way this was either way was this uh dump in my opinion needed to happen and you know We're now getting this dead cat bounce, but that really has got also something to do. By the way, because also the US 500 reacted to this because when the S&P is closed, I already explained to you guys this, when the S&P is closed, it reacts to Germany. So you have to keep this in mind.

00:31:37
So that's what you're seeing over there. But, you know, what more can I say? This, you know. They're bouncing it up very strong. We say in Dutch, uitstel van executie. That's how I see this. It's uitstel van executie. So it's just, you know, this is the same like layer. This is the same like layer. You know, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, just to later do. That's all what I'm seeing. That's how I see this. So we made sick money already on this one. And of course, we take profits here because we know that this thing will bounce up very strongly, especially with Powell coming up Wednesday. So we know that this bounce, this is no surprise to me. So I'm going to be super honest with you.

00:32:44
We took profits really, really. This is no joke over here. I can show you this, by the way, also. We took profits. And when I say profits, more than 90% out. That's the call that I gave. Take more than 90% or more out. What? Yes, take 90% or more out. I don't even have to chart this. I know this is going to happen. I just know it. It's just that six cents is just. I know this is gonna happen, my are you crazy? 90 just 90, take it out or you can even make it 100 just take it out because I know that you can start filling up over here again. I know I don't know if it's gonna break the indie over here but uh I know that this thing so already over here, you know they saved themselves five figures on this.

00:33:42
5 because this is this is really uh Germany just pushing these guys I don't know what they're doing over there but something very creepy some some some horror movie is going on over there in Germany I really don't know what they're doing but uh they're just pushing this price up as much as they can so that's the goal that they have now so next level now to watch is the 23, 280 it's the India and the one hour also comes together beautifully with this uh. So no vehicle with the soda room, excuse me. So what is so over here? So this is basically what I'm eyeing if it will reach and if it will reach how it will we check down And let's see they need to slow a little bit down because we've got power tomorrow power is Power is in play.

00:34:27
You have to be really powerless in play. You have to be really careful, especially with 20. So guys also if I will not make a live stream tomorrow my My honest advice to you guys is sometimes it's good to just, you know, cool down, take a step back, and, you know, just enjoy the markets, looking at them without trade. Just wait it out. Just wait. Let's see Powell is coming in. You know, let Powell do its thing, you know. And then those trades will come. Every day they're coming. So that's what I'm saying. Powell is super dangerous, guys. power and powers in play uh you can burn your trades very fast very fast so sometimes it's better to just you know especially when i'm not around and i'm not having your backs on the charts it's sometimes it's just better to do nothing just do nothing just you know karma calm down just you know so And W, what are the signs for the market?

00:35:37
That's something very, very difficult to explain, especially on a live stream. So I wanted, this one was very remarkable. So the GPY is again, pushing, pushing, pushing. So we'll mill this one over here. They're pushing, but you know, this is, I'm going to make, I'm going to make for the, for the one, some prime XPT. xbt for the ones that are uh interested in hearing that, let me let me repeat myself, Prime XBT. I'll make i'll make a separate video about GPR because GPI is one of the monster trades where you can make Sigma and when I say sick money I mean sick money, so yeah be prepared for that. So enough about I want to go to crypto, I want to this layer you know I'm gonna be honest with you guys, I'm really done with this layer crap you know I'm just gonna be super honest with you guys, I'm really so done with this crap of layer I don't even want to see this layer anymore.

00:36:50
Um what is this, what what what what is this? Oh this is 97 that hit. Is Michael not buying? Why is Mikey not buying? Why is Michael not buying? Mike, where are you, Mike? Mike, where are you, Mike? Mike, where are you, Mike? He did buy. Okay, guys, for me, let me give you this just in case that tomorrow I'll not be around, just that you guys know. So it doesn't matter whatever bounce happens here tomorrow, yes or no, I don't give a crap. The Indy is going to get tested, in my opinion. That's all I think. I think that we're going into the 90k levels. So I think that the Indy on the daily will get tested. So what does that mean? That means that now we're just one day for Powell. The only thing that could give the markets a bullish push up is if Powell starts cutting rates tomorrow. That's the only thing that I think, okay. We can get this temporary push up. But if he doesn't, I think that, you know, every bounce will be short-lived. That's what I think. That's what I think. So let me go to our chart. I know you guys want to see this chart, I think. Where is my chart? I think I, I think I, ooh.

00:38:37
Where's my chart? Oh, here's my chart! Here's my chart! Oh, here's my chart! Here's my famous chart! So we hit this zone over here, you know. Bye bye bye bye bye! Now, be cautious; that's now is it? Be cautious. So now we go on the brakes. So when you want to learn something, no problem wrong just like you know we did all RC uh yesterday. So that's no problem. You long it, secure profits, and you move on to the next and so on and so on and so on. So you have to be super careful over here because this was a pretty, pretty aggressive bounce. This wasn't just a bounce. This was really an aggressive bounce. But, you know, we got Trump doing this, whatever. So this was a bit too aggressive in my opinion.

00:39:30
If this thing would slow down and go up like this. I think that altcoins would have shined much more and made much more gains. But this was also, by the way, the reason why dominance was going. You know, you've got this Benjamin Cowen. I think most of you guys all know who Benjamin Cowen is. Benjamin Cowen acts as if he's the professor of maths, mathematics, or he's the professor of. Whatever, and what is you know, I've got some history with this guy. It was in a previous cycle when he said Bitcoin is going to $100k, and I told him no; today we just hit the top, we're going down; he told me no, I told him yes, no, yes, and when we dumped down, I never heard anything from him back again; he just you know but no problem.

00:40:25
You got this, Benjamin Cowell! What I'm seeing is that he's all, all he talks about is he's now the Bitcoin dominance expert. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You know, this, you know, crypto CT and YouTube. It's so sad. And I understand that if you guys are willing to have something like a W, maybe you're just salty and you're hateful. I understand. But if you guys say it, I understand it. I feel you guys. You know why? Because you're not seeing things just like I see them, you don't hear things like I hear them, but let me tell you it's you know this guy has been talking about dominance, he's analyzing the dominance, I know a kid of seven years old, he can analyze it that way. Who gives a F about Dominus John?

00:41:30
Tell me how I'm going to make money. Stop this BS. You know, he does this very well because he's also a marketing guy, by the way, not as big as the others, but he's also a marketing guy. And I get it that he's, you know. Why he does what he does is because he keeps talking about the dominance chart because he keeps feeding people the greed. He keeps telling them, altcoin season is this, altcoin season might come then, and then altcoin season, altcoin season, alt. Because if you want a lot of followers, if you want a lot of engagement, if you want a lot of people following you, what you do is keep talking about altseason and how you can make 1,000 decks, 2,000 decks, 5,000 decks, 500 decks.

00:42:17
Just destroy your feed with that. Alt season is coming. Tomorrow is the start of alt season. Yesterday was the start of alt season. And just keep repeating yourself. You'll get very successful. Maybe you can try Salsera on your private account. Just try it. Just keep posting. Altcoin season tomorrow. Altcoin season yesterday. Just, you know, if you want to do it really good. Every day share like five altcoins, whatever altcoins out there, and share with them, I think. And then after you have to do it like this: so for example, you do like you know, 'Fart Coin' easy 100x, and then you do 'Swarms' easy 500x, uh based on the chart, virtual. This will be an easy 50x. And then, all season is almost starting, and every day keep repeating Other coins and just do behind them, 100x.

00:43:19
In no time, you'll have 10k, 20k, 50k followers. Because that's what the herd is looking for. That's the only language they want to understand. That's the only language they do understand. It's the only thing they are. You know, when he opens up his Twitter and he goes to feed, he's just looking for, hmm, I need someone that will make me rich. Oh, wait a minute. Here is one. What is this? Oh, it's a beautiful girl. What's her name? Salswa. Crypto is her name. Oh, she's got nice red hair. Oh, oh my God. And she's telling me that those coins will do 50, 100, 500, 1,000 dicks. I've got a portfolio of $5,000. Let me calculate. Okay, I'm going to make $3. 4 million. Thank you, Salswa.

00:44:06
Follow her. You know, that's how it works. That's the other side of the story. Because that's how people think in crypto. They're not focused on, wait a minute, wait a minute, forget about this 100x, 200x, 500x. Okay, whatever. I've got an investing portfolio. I've got like 20, 30, 40, 50% of my money in there. I'm just going to wait, just like MW is waiting, just like Warren Buffett is waiting. I'm going to wait like those guys are waiting, and I'm going to use that money to buy the blood, just like MW has been teaching me for years. And every time I bought the blood, I made 30 40 50 60 100, $200, and $ 300 gains on that money.

00:44:47
Every freaking time, past three years, I didn't miss one of them, so let me do that and let me use the other $50. Let me use that one. How I'm gonna do it is, you know, I'm gonna follow the guy and I'm gonna make money every day. So today, it's a layer; tomorrow, it's uh, it's it's it's whatever altcoin other I'm gonna follow what points have volume. I'm gonna use the indie; I'm going to make money up. I'm going to make money down. I'm going to be defensive. Like tomorrow, I'm not going to do anything. That's how professional traders do it. That's how professional traders think. That's their mindset. They don't, you know, when they see someone posting, 'Oh, this thing is on 500x,' they just start laughing.

00:45:35
It's just comedian. You know, it's just, it's, it's ridiculous. But you have to understand that unfortunately, all those retailers, that's what they're searching for. They're searching for greed. And when you got people feeding greed, that's the success story of crypto. Guys, I'm just spitting facts over here. And I know that maybe this is not what you guys want to hear. These are the facts. I cannot make things. Better or more beautiful for you guys, these are the facts; this is it. You can hate me, you can unfollow me, you can block me-I don't care. I'll tell you the facts in crypto and how it works. Do you think that I would nail this? Oh, easy, easy, easy! So, do you really think that someone who shares openly on Twitter...

00:46:41
when was it when did I share it? I think I shared it around here somewhere... over here... Someone is sharing with you, and you know I'm no bullshitter when I tell you something. You know that it's gonna happen when I tell you that. Over here, I'm going to use every trade I make; every money I make, I'm going to put it into a lay. Short. It's gonna be my next stable coin over here. This is wait a minute. This is when I said it because, you know, I can't keep repeating myself over and over again because I keep doing this for years and nailing whatever it is that I'm saying. If you would just one of you guys would just one time just listen, you would be financially independent.

00:47:21
But listen, over here, I was saying, I was saying, listen, guys, this is going to be my new stable. I never said this, by the way. And on all those coins that I told you I'm never breaking problems. But listen, guys, over here. I told you this is going to be my next stable coin. When you hear me say that, that's huge. Because if MW says that a layer short is his next stable coin, if you would really think about it and let it sink in, you would say the only reaction that you should have is mind-blowing. What? It's just his new stable. What does it mean? It means that he's putting all his money and he's trading or whatever. He's putting it in a short there. He doesn't care.

00:48:09
Every trade. So he got this 20% is in layer. And then every trade I make, I feed the gains into that short. I feed the gains into that short. I feed the gains into that short. It's a huge short. Huge. Because it's building, building. And, you know, basically the only one, chart was over here by the way at 280 or 270 the gains were already explosive over here just imagine how much money this is now that's why I keep saying to you look at my face do you see any doubt always saying it to you look at my face what do you see when you look at me Do you see any doubt? There is zero doubt. Do you know why there is no doubt?

00:49:04
Because I know who I am fighting over here and here and here. I know. And I already told you, I already, if I would go in over here, over here, that's 20 cost $4. 0. This moves up. I already calculate them in. Okay. I have to be honest when I said that I was going to make it, I got to make it a stable coin. That's when you know I stepped up and you know I push things even harder over here but it was just how confident I am that I know that this is gonna happen it's also what keeps asking me sometimes when you know me but you know you know you know and I'm always telling her why are you worried this thing will make you rich only thing that you just wait don't Don't look at it.

00:49:59
Just build, build, build. And then you wake up and then. What am I going to do with that, buddy? How many times did I tell you that, Sansa? A couple of times. Do you even hear me? Sansa just went away. I'm talking to myself. Okay. I'm sorry, guys. Sansa is not listening. I don't know what she's doing. Okay, guys. Uh let's see, let's see so be very careful so let me go to the let me go to the to the outcomes what's going on what's going on with our with our uh with our what happened let's see what happened let's see what happened so um oh move yes move move move yes move move I like to move it move it for the ones that you know live in the 80s 90s they know this song I like to move it move it I like the move it, move it. I like the move it, move it. Move it. So someone DM me, listen, MW, move is pumping. Move is pumping. Move is pumping. Watch move. Watch move. Okay. I watch move. Okay. This is what I saw.

00:51:18
I told them, where were you when I was telling you? Huh? Where were you when I was telling you to short move over here and over here and over here? Where were you? So if you're going to tell me, MW, listen, move dump. Yes, this is a dump. If you watch later, that's a dump. What is this? Is this the pump? Where is that pump? Explain me the pump. Where are you seeing the pump? This is small. But let's see, guys, the Koreans are on it, so there's a lot of volume from the Koreans on Move, but let me tell you that Move is, you know, let's see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, guys, let me see, guys.

00:52:12
Oh, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see, let me see. Can you hear me now? I like to move it, move it. I like to move it, move it. move it move it move it move it maybe i need to retire guys maybe i need to i'm talking way too much maybe i need to retire maybe salsa can take over let's see let's see move move it move it move it move it move it oh look at this you got binance listing up and then you know yeah you know you have to understand guys did you guys know by the way that you know a lot of people in crypto 2025 still don't understand this binance listing up back to the ground people still don't understand this you know you know how they see this how you know regular people in crypto see it oh this coin is going to get listed by binance is going to the moon it's it's it's It's just mind-blowing.

00:53:14
Oh, they can hear me, only you can't. Oh, I can't hear you. I don't know why. I don't know why. I cannot hear you. Okay, well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, you can't hear me, but we can hear you both. Okay. Okay. Okay. So she can just call me names now, you know, and I'm laughing. No, I cannot hear her. Okay. Okay. That's nice to know. That's nice to know. Thank you. Thank you. Without echo.

00:53:47
I know, I know, Trevor. I hate those headsets. I don't like those headsets. So move, guys. Move, move. Let me see. I like to move it, move it. What's going on with move? Let's get into some altcoins. I know you guys want to know. I know you guys want to make money. That's simple. Oh, that's a lot of volume. Sorry, that's huge. 280 million. Those Koreans are really crazy. Just keep in mind that move is really, you know. Whatever it is don't hold any move so move is only for trading, trading is shorting you know I said it over here, I said it over here, I said it over here and I'm still saying it over here I'm not, by the way, I'm not saying to short it over here, I don't know.

00:54:33
Don't short it for bottom formations but just theoretically I would, you know I would only trade this thing and don't hold it so whatever, so um Yesterday, Yesterday, there was another, there was another, there was another, another, another, another, there was another, there was another RetroFam member. And he was eyeing, eyeing a coin. And I checked the coin. And I have to say that I'm liking what I'm seeing. So you guys are really, you guys are great, by the way. So this shout out to Monsieur Mamar. I don't think that he's with us now, but Monsieur Mamar, he DMed me about this yesterday, and he's right. And I like this one. So I'm going to show you guys this. So keep an eye on it.

00:55:28
Maybe until the big dump is going to happen, we can make some money on this one. This one. Did you guys see this? This is Loom. Look at Loom, guys. Look at Loom. Did you see this? Are you seeing this? Look at Loom, guys. Loom. Loom. Look at loom. Look. See? Loom. Look. I don’t know if you’re seeing what I’m seeing. Look. You see this? Look at this. Loom. And loom. Loom. Loom is. A lot of volume. Koreans are on it. So, but I have to say, by the way, Koreans are a little bit weaker than they were. So, you know, the pumping power that they had is, you know, it’s a little bit down. But guys, Loon Network is a platform as a service that is built on top of Ethereum.

00:56:46
allows developers to run large oh this is good guys you know this this makes me even more bullish on the same loom okay so let me see uh the goal is uh released on october 1st in 2017 so it's an old dog so the goal is to allow application developers to have smart contracts that can access more computing power when it's required to maintain the same power last car lower cost But tasks such as trials of onboarding their users' applications simply will not need the full security of blockchain. And it's just that, you know, whatever. It's just the same story like always. And this is, you have the ability to interact with APIs developed by third parties or whatever, loom, loom, loom. As such, they can easily integrate their application outside the world.

00:57:39
The loom network runs on Plasma, which is a scanning solution that allows to faster. Transactions, okay, whatever, whatever. Okay, so guys, you know, the thing that interests me is this is what interests me. The thing that is interesting to me is that Loom has got a market cap of 23 million. So if the Koreans are really serious about this coin, and if the Koreans would want to pump this coin, so instead of pumping layer, Layer is, you know, layer is a rock coin. This coin, if you would push this coin up, I would not call in the soldiers to show the crap out of it. I will not. I promise you guys that I will not.

00:58:30
Because this coin, if this would go up and, you know, the fundamentals are strong and the team is building, and Ethereum will gain some momentum, and, you know, the projects are building on Ethereum will find some, you know, this coin could gain some traction; it could make some solid runs up because this pump-up was also I think by, I don't know if the Koreans, I think that maybe the Koreans did this; I don't know who but this is the Koreans at home. So, if there would be one project, if the Koreans want to pump it, they'll pump this one. Everything's looking great. This look at this, this so uh let me tell you, this if this thing dumps down around, if we're gonna get a dump down to, you know, one cent to five so $0.

00:59:28
01 to $0.05. 05 i'll probably buy some of this loom i'm gonna buy myself a small bag you know whatever just in case the koreans want to do boop and then i'm gonna do bloop make some money uh but this coin uh this is just investments why investment wise for for swing trade uh more importantly is uh more important is trading wise because i think trading wise on leverage you can make a lot of money if you would trade it the right way and just put the indie on put the indicator on put the indicator on oh no no there it is so the indicator as you guys can see you see how is it it's struggling So this was a scary. This was a maxi.

01:00:15
You know, it was one guy today. He wanted to join the high volume trading school. And he told me, but NW, I'm, you know, I'm trading on Maxi. Okay. So this is just coming up now. So, okay. Let's check this out. Maybe it's real. Maybe it's true. Maybe, you know, maybe I'm making a mistake. So, but let's check it. If I'm making a mistake then I will be the first for now just for now on a loom because I've seen it like a thousand times it's also the reason why my partnership didn't continue it because I don't like exchanges that hunt retailers down and your hunt retail is down that's why you got troubles with me so Coinex, let's use Coinex. Ah no this is not this one is not So this is Korean's.

01:01:10
This is not Maxi. But what you're seeing over here is what Maxi does a lot. A lot, a lot, a lot. So in this case, not. So I'm going to give the benefit to Maxi. This is not Maxi. But Maxi, this is exactly what Maxi does. Because Maxi is, by the way, they offer lower fees than the average exchanges out there. But they make most of their money by, you know, spiking up. And what happens is that a lot of retailers, they get stopped. And, you know, the reason why, you know, at some point when I was a partner, I see, you know, I get like 10 DMs a day from the retail fund members. This is an MW. I got, my stop loss gets hit.

01:01:52
But if I would, I'm watching Binance chart, a Blowfin chart, I'm watching a BTNX chart, however, that price never reached that level. You know, at some point I told them, okay, stop this or I'm gonna stop, so that's you know, you have to see like this, these exchanges they got a lot of costs, they've got a lot of things, securities to pay for, a lot of work if, if you see an exchange offering very you know lower fees, they're getting the money from another place, so you know it's a nasty way but they make like 10 times more money this way, just say just say just say they would never catch me by the

01:02:41
way, but uh, if you would trade with stop loss, so uh guys, so so loom uh keep an eye on it, it's on the four hour let me let me put the india there we go there you go there you go there you go there you go there you go you see this you can even put it on the one hour guys look at this oh oh baby baby baby How is it looking on the daily? Oh, this is nasty. So keep an eye on loom, guys. The Koreans, there is some, you know, the Koreans are keeping an eye on loom. So I think that you guys should also keep an eye on loom. Look at this. Oh, this is nasty. Look at this. This is just now. Oh. Look at this.

01:03:30
Oh, some nasty candles. But you have to keep an eye on Loom, I'm telling you, keep an eye alone, just keep looking at this, this boom up and then this top down, why what's going on? This is uh, this is uh, this is the Bide ride neighbor. We must, we must put an alarm over here; let me put another alarm over here. So this is I don't know what's going on over here but keep an eye on Loom, I've said it so that was about Loom enough about Loom and then I wanted to talk about another one, yeah, this one uh, ICX guys, ICX, ICX; this is an all dark, a very aggressive coin just like all RC and again the Koreans are on it. Can you hear me now?

01:04:27
This was a very, you know. Oh. This was. Oh. What is this? Whoa. Look at this, guys. What was this? How much was this? ICX. 50%. Retesting the Indy. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Look at this, look at this, look at this. But this is also something that's, you know, we're not used to see this, by the way, because most of the time, most of the time, Koreans, you know, when they pump coins, they, you know, they keep pumping them. This is a little bit changing in their, you know, changing in their style of trading. Because I haven't seen this. You know, they're now joining just the average people, pump, dump, pump, dump, pump, dump. But why are they doing this?

01:05:27
That this is not what they use it but you know it's testing the indicator over here, let me see what is what is what is what is what is all these old coins that you know, these Kareens are crazy so we've got over here ICX uh ICX, so it's a lot of volume that's this is some huge volume over here so yeah. Keep an eye on ICX, guys. Keep an eye. You can trade. Make some money. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe not. We saw also Trump tweeting again, fight, fight. But, you know, it isn't having a lot of effect anymore. So, you know, you have to be really worried that when the president of the United States of America, when he's shilling a coin and it's not having an effect, you really should start worrying about crypto.

01:06:26
There was a time I remember if someone just, you know, you know, you know, I remember a time when Elon Musk was was just, you know, putting putting a profile pic of Bitcoin on his Twitter account could move Bitcoin with 20, 30 percent up. And altcoins with five, six, seven X's out of nothing. I don't know if you guys remember that, but, you know, and now. So we did grow in crypto to be honest so we really did grow so now the president of the United States of America he's shilling his own coin and people are like yeah whatever well you know whatever yeah okay okay well okay okay whatever. So the DXY is uh It's very strange that the markets are now moving with the DXY. They keep doing this.

01:07:34
If the DXY goes down, the market goes down. This is very remarkable. A lot of things are changing. Only the DAX is holding ground over here. Only DAX is a monster. But DAX, you gave us a lot of gains already today. We're expecting you to do it again. Hey, Dexy, you might do it again. Just do it again and again and again. But guys, again, again, we've got Powell tomorrow. So just keep in mind that Powell, when Powell is in play, it's better to be safe than sorry. So I'm going to be super honest with you guys. You can trade using the Indy. No problem. Use the Indy. And, uh, just be careful out there, you know. Things could get very volatile with Baltimore up and down, up and down.

01:08:26
So even if you're trading trade the trade the lower time frames, 50 minutes, one hour, five minutes, trade those and just close in those games again and again and again, and do it all over again and again. Keep closing them, that's the only stop. And if you're like you know me right, you know maybe I'm just gonna take a day off trading tomorrow, it's good, it's good, it's good, it's good. So uh, yeah, basically that's it. Uh, by the way, for the ones that have been umming me about uh the trading courses, guys, you have to only do that if it's financially possible for you and if you just want that extra step, if you want that extra attention, extra explanation. et cetera, et cetera. So either way, just follow me on the live streams.

01:09:26
You will be okay. You will be okay. So it's only really for the ones that are really woke. want to go die hard into trading you know that's uh that's when you and especially for the ones basically oh also for the ones that are new in crypto new in trading new in lever trading those one is also very for those one you can drop it if you are with me for a while no need no need no need to do this uh beginner it's your own choice by the way but i'm just saying uh there's not a lot of need for it uh for the high volume trades that's really uh high volume traders

01:10:03
that's uh our follow-up awful because i'm being super super busy last uh day's week so i'll follow up on that one and it will start soon enough thanks all for joining in congrats for the ones that believed in me congrats for the ones that have been let me put it on the screen we started with it we're gonna end with it so congrats to those uh i want to also congrats I also want to say congrats to the GTC team because GTC team has been, I think, I cannot say this openly, but let's just say shout out to GTC team. They have been building this position from over here, I think. Yes, from over here. They have been building this position up and down, and they kept with it, with it, with it, with it, with it, with it. Well, we're basically almost done. So they DCA'd in. You know they did a lot of crappy things over here, but a shout out to GCT, so really, shout out to them; I love you all; have a nice one, great, safe, and bye.