*** Live Stream 03-21-2025 How to trade Crypto as a Pro *** 

00:01:05
welcome welcome welcome MW there is no easy way out yes talking about the rocky for soundtracks that have been running making big success love the rocky series by the way also so welcome with the firm there is no easy way out there is no easy way oh by the way I might get some trouble with some copyrights well whatever fuck it you know oh by the way guys it's a fucking show today so A lot of swearing today. Be prepared for that one. If there are children around, get them out. Okay. So, welcome, welcome all. So, no, we had other music. We had copyright music. So, good day, everyone. This is Bob. We got Egon Alpiman. We got Zisa and Draft. We got This Is Bob again. And then we got Nicholas.

00:01:53
We got Salsra in the house. So, what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What is this? What is this? Salsra. I'm going to miss this even though I'm super tired. Salsa is dead. Salsa is dying. Oh, thank you. We're doing hot. We're doing hot. We have Zupark. We got Alpiman. Alpiman. You're getting blocked. If there's someone that should be getting blocked, Alpiman, it's you, by the way. So, and after you, it's Janus. And after Janus, it's, what's that other one that ruined the other? What was it? What was the other one? Genesis, what's the other one ruined

00:02:37
the trading course which so what do you got what do you got what do you got what do you got what do you got Frodo it's not hard it's not hard come on guys okay what is this so we got we got Alan we got uh Kirk what do we got uh we got Rex we got we got Alan remember him who was the other guy you know guys I've got so much on my mind. Waleed, we got Ziggy, we got Mark, we got SS, Bip, Nicholas, we got Trader Mac, XO, Lemya, Matija, Mirko, we got John, we got Don Salada. Don Salada, my bro. Always call me at the wrong moments. Why are you calling now? I'm in a live. Don't call me now.

00:03:31
What do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? CCM, Crypto, Raza, we got FACOX, we got Avelina, the doc is in the house, FT. Okay, so, first of all, we're going to talk about, oh God, I'm talking about, we're going to talk about, yes, it's going to be an educational vid. It's going to be a tough one, guys. I'm going to be a little bit harsh today, so if you're, you know, if your toes are hurting you, or your feelings are hurt, or you're feeling a little bit sensitive today, just close this stream and just watch it when you're a bit stronger. Because now is not the time to, you know, I'm going to be very harsh. So if your feelings are hurting you, well, too bad for you.

00:04:20
So just don't watch this live stream. Kabish, kabish, kabish, kabish. Because, you know. I always think to myself, okay, MW, okay, you have been clear. Okay, MW, teach them well. Okay, MW, okay. They know it by now. Then every freaking time again and again. Every fucking time again. And then they fall for that same trap. And then they walk, walk, walk, and then they fall for that same trap. And then they walk, walk, walk, and they fall for that same trap. And every freaking time, it's only one thing and one thing only. It's the freaking, fucking greed. It's the greed that takes over. And, you know, when the greed takes over, then, you know, you've got to start making mistakes. And I can keep explaining it and warning and, you know, keep talking about it like a million times.

00:05:09
But every freaking time they just fall for the same crap and they fall for the same big enemy of them. And that's the greed. And that's the greed, and that's the greed. And when you get caught by that greed, and then it's kaboom, and then you start getting emotional, and then you start getting, oh, my God, what did I do? And then you're going to regret things, and then you're going to feel sad, and then you're not going to get any sleep, or then you get angry, and then you get this, and then you get that, and then you're going to make very bad decisions, and then you're going to. Lose money. That's how it works. That's how it works. That's how it all works.

00:05:57
So I'm just seeing, you know, while I'm talking to you guys, I'm seeing some dust over here and I don't like, I hate dust. So I put in some tissues and I'm wiping the dust away. I hate dust. I want everything to be picobello clean. That's just how I want it. And, I see that things are not clean; I don't feel no, I don't like it; I just feel bad, no, I feel bad-my things are not clean; I just want everything needs to be clean, so what was I saying? Yes, I was saying that people, they make the same mistakes, so we gotta talk about those mistakes, so let's hope That after this live stream. You just fucking listen to me. You just fucking listen to me.

00:06:59
And that's why I have to be a little bit hard; because that's the only language-not you as a person, but your greed listens to; so I can speak very politely; you know. that greed that is in you he doesn't listen to that language so what happens is i'm just speaking for nothing and i don't want to speak for nothing i want you to listen i want you to be safe so first of all guys the market so we got you know whatever you know you know you know do i still need to say something about this i really hope i don't you know it's it's it's you know Listen, if you are with me, it's like you're living in the future. So what did we do? We had this dump.

00:07:58
And when we had this dump, I told you we're going to have this bump. And when we had this bump, I told you we're going to have this bounce. I told you that this indicator is going to slow down. I told you that this was the resistance level. I told you that the Fed will come and we'll get probably this bounce up. And then I told you after the Fed, we will get the rejection again. And then we're going down again. Actually, the exact story that you're seeing, actually, not only from here, from here. So I'm just taking you into the future every freaking time again and again. And I'm taking you into the future by the hardest in the world and the most important one in the world.

00:08:32
And I'm just telling you every time again and again and again how it's moving, before it's moving. So this is just like I explained to you guys in the details in the previous lives. That's what we're seeing. So what do we expect now? I really don't have a clue. And why don't I have a clue? Because now we are just heading down and we're just going into the weekend. So probably, this thing might bounce back a bit or whatever. So maybe some events will happen. But, you know, this is the target. This is the temporary target. This is our target. We didn't hit it over here. So maybe we've got to hit it now. And let me tell you, by the way, guys, there is a lot of money to be made.

00:09:13
I'm going to talk about that. This is the only market update that you're going to get from me. So I'm going to take you to Bitcoin. And Bitcoin is basically, this was with that crazy Trump. I'm getting so tired. By the way, shout out, really shout out to Helena. Helena, you really are nailing it with those fits. You know what I'm always looking for? This is what I'm looking for. I'm looking for a person that follows me, that watches me. And, you know, I say a lot of things. My streams are sometimes like an hour. But, you know, in that hour, there's maybe, you know, 20 minutes. You can summarize things, 50 minutes. You can summarize some very important stuff. And, you know, you guys are very lucky to have Elena.

00:10:06
Because what Helena does, she feels me, she feels what I say, and she knows what the important stuff is. And she has me doing that from the ETH when I was calling out all shillers that were telling you to buy ETH and we were shorting it. From that, she knew exactly. You have to see it like this. She knows how. When you got, you know you got someone and there is only one point to push the finger where it hurts; she knows exactly where to put that finger, that's her talent, you know. Everyone has got his own talent, you know. We've got like I was working with Travel 11, shout out to Travel 11, and Salsa by the way. So we have been working on this crypto bot, you know.

00:10:49
Whatever this crypto bot, they're figuring some things out so people can just Because Patreon is not only robbing people with a lot of debt, a lot of taxes, a lot of crap. They're also, in some cases, they're just hiring up the fees. Well, the fees are $49, and they're hiring it up. I don't know why. And then what they did is, you know, I made this option that you guys could pay in USDT. So, what did they do? And I could give you access through this gift. And now they removed the gift. They just removed the gift. It's just like they are giving away that gift. It's mine, you freaking. So now we have this Telegram, and I want really everyone to shift over to Telegram.

00:11:29
So when your subscription ends, you just flip to Telegram. Go over there. So only the ones that don't own any crypto or don't know how to pay in crypto or whatever, you can pay with your credit card on Patreon. It will be there. But I want that really more than 90% just flips over. So shout out to Travel11. I was talking with him yesterday and I told him, listen, all this, you know, this technical stuff and, you know, this whatever with those computers, those chats, that's not my thing. That's not my thing. You know, sometimes the most simple things in life, I struggle with them. I'm good at what I do. This is what I do. You see, this is what I do. This is my thing.

00:12:21
This was my talent and everyone in this world has got his own talent, you just need to find it, but I can understand I'm lucky to own the talent that can make you the most money, so it's just, you know, I've got the talent that I can, you know, maybe I've got the best talent, you know, the most important talent, so uh. Maybe I've got that. But, you know, I'm here to share that talent with you guys. I want to share it with you. So that's what I'm doing now. So it's got to be great. It's got to be great. Just calm down. Calm down. It will all get good. All be good. All be good. All be good. We're going to talk about it. So, Bitcoin, yeah, basically, you're just watching at the screen.

00:13:13
So what do I need to say more when you look at this? Alpiman, tell me. If you look, tell me in the chat, Alpiman, don't be that guy. Just tell me in the chat, Alpiman, what do I think? What do I think, Alpiman? What do I think? If you watch this chat. Is there more I need to say about this, guys? I don't think there is anything more that I need to say about this, guys. It's, you know, I told you. So it's very simple. Pa-pam, down. Pa-pam, down. And pa-pam, and down again. Oh, no, but MW, but Trump is going to talk into the crypto service. Pa-pam, down again. It's that simple. Pa-pam, down again. Just down again, down again. So that's what's happening now. That's what we're eyeing now.

00:14:07
So, guys, actually, it's enough about this. What I'm expecting, guys, I'm expecting that crypto will still bleed. And I'm expecting that we will not get our altcoin weekend. I think that we're going to bleed more on Bitcoin. So I think that Bitcoin will come back into the 80k levels, 81, you know, 81, 80k. I think that we will travel down to these levels again. And I think that it might even happen on, where is this? Oh my God, I need to remove this. I think that we will come back to these 80k levels again, I think it might even happen in the weekend or you know the markets need to really rise up like crazy. Why not? I think that Bitcoin will go down, that's what I think.

00:15:05
So, again focus on the shorts, short the FOMO, short the bounces. Talking about the bounces, boom boom, there we are, there we are, there we're gonna talk a little bit about auction today. So, uh, talking about auction, we're gonna we're gonna guys, I want you guys all to really, really focus on what I'm gonna teach you guys today. Uh, I want you guys to listen and I want you guys to really get your notebooks out because I'm gonna talk and show you guys a lot of stuff today, very important stuff too. Also, so first of all, we're gonna watch at this this bump that we're seeing over here. So, first of all is this an all-time high? Is this on Binance by the way? Yeah, this is on Binance.

00:15:49
So, we're going into all-time high over here. We're touching the all-time high, this is the all-time high is 48 bucks, don't think that we cannot break through all-time high if there are enough shorts out there they could break it up. I will show you another chart that will show you that also, you're seeing this because I know that a lot of you guys, you don't even watch this chart, it doesn't even come up to your mind. Let me oh, you know what's going on with auction, oh well let's go! I think that most of you guys don't even watch this chart but this chart, this chart will show you if we kind of break through this yes or no, so you have to keep. An eye on this, this is very important.

00:16:36
So, this chart is showing us that Auction has got more power up, so this pump that they are pumping these Koreans-they can pump it even harder, it's possible I'm not saying they could, they will because they have to see it like this. These Koreans, they you know they they they go together, they go into you know it's like a swarm, so they go together long they go together or short. So they manipulate markets, they manipulate a lot of stuff, but you have to keep in mind that if they start dumping, they'll dump together. Also and now the thing is the momentum is now on Auction. Let me show you guys a coin that Had momentum, just like auction has now. Let me show you this.

00:17:24
I want everyone to have their notebooks ready so mark down what I'm saying so this coin had momentum, I know that you guys, you guys, you guys forget about this a lot. This is something very bad. Don't forget. Don't forget. I don't forget. You see, this coin had momentum. We shorted the crap out of it, by the way. But let me explain. While we were shorting this, maybe you started shorting it over. Let's just say you shorted it over here. Let's just say you started shorting this over here. I talked about this. I told you, listen, guys, this coin, this coin will dump very hard. This coin will probably just go down to zero. This coin, I explained to you guys in a live stream, it's like crazy. Guys, no, but MW, look, it went high. It was at resistance, and then it pumped up even more and more and more. Guys, this will not change the fact that when I say this coin is going to dump very hard, it will dump very hard. Because why? Everything is showing me that it needs to dump.

00:18:43
I'm just saying. So, over here, you don't believe that it could dump. You know why? Because over here, you started your short over here. And then you get wrecked over here because you don't know how to short. You don't know how to trade leverage. And then over here, okay, I'll try it again. Okay, you got, okay. And then over here, it goes up and then it will wreck you again. And then it goes up here and then it will wreck you again. And then you get, okay, I give up. You know what? I just give up. You know, this thing will never go down. This is how retailers think. This is also how you're thinking probably about auction now.

00:19:22
The feeling that you're having in auction is the same feeling that, people had on pi over here so the same that you're seeing now over here this thing that you're seeing now over here um so this this this feeling that you're having now over here just see you see this feeling this thing just keeps going up wait a minute so this feeling that you have over here and i'm not saying that auction is just as bad as pi by the way it's not pi is worse but It's not that auction is all what auction is. By the way, what am I doing? I'm showing you this one. So let me show you this one. So let's just say the same feeling that you're seeing over here is the same feeling that you're seeing now over here.

00:20:09
It's the same. The disbelief, this thing will never come down. This thing cannot come down. Let me tell you, it's the momentum. There is a momentum going on. So the PI had momentum. Shilling machine goes on. Marketing machine goes on. Market makers get in. Funding rates get red. Greedy shorts get liquidated. This is the momentum. If you want the definition of momentum, that's the definition of momentum. The momentum was flowing in. And when I'm saying momentum, it's not that that PI is a freaking good project because PI isn't a good project. PI is just a lot of crap. So the only thing moving this price up is the momentum. And what is the definition of momentum? The definition of momentum is VCs, market makers, shillers doing their job, sucking retailers in.

00:21:07
Also, sucking retailers in that are trying the greedy shorts, going to short this crap, and then they get hunted down and they will destroy all of you guys over here. This is how it works in crypto. These fucking, fucking VCs, market makers of PI, they know that this thing is nothing and they know that they're gonna dump all their bags of this crap. And that's what they did. And that's what they will do on almost all altcoins. That's just how it works in crypto. So even if you're not a believer, even if you're on the MWGTC side, okay, MW, after many years and a lot of money that we lost, we finally are on your side. Okay, you're right. It's not about the tech. It's not about the fundamentals.

00:22:05
It's not about it's all about money in crypto, that's what it's all about, everything else is just a lot of crap, okay, garbage. So even if you're there, even if you're there, it doesn't mean that you own the skills to fight these VCs or to make money with them or to you know have to get educated. So let me take you back by the way, uh, since we called this thing uh 70 down on a spot back, so congrats for everyone that took that and by the way, guys, same story over here, but I'll get to this in a moment, so So what we got is this. So first of all, I'm going to do something now because I can do it now because this video is not openly shared.

00:23:05
By the way, anyone that shares the link of this video will get blocked and removed forever. So please don't. You're paying money to watch these live streams. So keep them to yourself. If your girlfriend or your boyfriend or whatever your 'it' friend is watching with you, be my guest. Don't share it with anyone. You'll get blocked. So please just don't do it. So I asked days ago, listen, guys, what or who needs my attention? And then you got people auctioning, auctioning, auctioning, auctioning, auctioning. Everyone kept sharing auction. Why auction? What's going on with auction? Why are you guys so interested in auction? So this coin basically was not on my radar. I was, whatever. Okay, it's bumpy. Whatever. I'm focusing on Bloom, on Red, on PI, and Fartcoin, and I'm focused on a lot of other coins.

00:24:10
You know, that's where my focus is. But you guys were focused on auction. And let me tell you directly why you guys are focused on auction. Why? Because you guys are amateurs. I told you. i told you if your toes are hurting you or whatever you're sensitive or you're emotional don't watch this live stream because you're images that's why you tell me about auction but you that's why you share auction because you're images because why because what is it how do retailers do it retailers what they do is auction pump today they go to crypto bubbles or they open up whatever or their favorite crypto gurus telling them that auction pumped or they go

00:24:58
into their you know their exchange and they tap in gainers and then they see auction and the auction auction pump so this is how a retailer thinks in his mind auction pumped ah time to short it i'm gonna short it what yeah i'm gonna short it why because it bumped uh you know we had this pump up so auction made this pump up so it will probably dump What? Yes. So you're going to short something because it went up. Yes. That's not how it fucking works in crypto. It doesn't work like that in trading also because you are just like, you know, like a chicken without a head. You're just doing whatever. You're gambling with your money and you'll get wrecked.

00:25:48
So lesson number one is: When you want to short something, you have to be knowing why you're shorting it and how you're going to short it and what the reason behind it is. And if everything, if all the odds are with you and not against you, if you know how the game is played, you have to understand how to protect yourself. You have to know how to leverage. You have to be watching. Leverage training costs one, two, three. If you didn’t do that, there was, by the way. There’s something I hate. So to anyone, new viewers in here, new members in here, don’t fucking tell me what to do. So especially if you go into my fucking DM and I, you know, we came into a time that I just fucking, I hate it.

00:26:38
Just don’t DM me. Please don’t DM me. If there’s something you have to tell me, tell me on Twitter openly in one of the comments. Don’t fucking DM me. Only fucking DM me if there’s something important. If there’s not something important, don’t fucking DM me. It’s that simple. If I ask you to DM me, DM me. If I don't ask you to DM me, just don't fucking DM me. Because, you know, you got these guys that come in. Oh, W. It's like, you know, it's like we played soccer together. We know each other, whatever. I don't fucking know you. You don't fucking know me. So, W, listen. Listen, I. I subscribed, I paid 50 bucks. So give me those training course vids and give me that.

00:27:19
I give you, you know what I give you? I give you one big fuck you. That's what I'm going to fucking give you. If you have no manners, if you're not raised like you should be, if you don't know how to ask for something, go fuck yourself and fuck your fucking 50 bucks. Put those fucking 50 bucks in your ass and just get the fuck out of here. If you don't know how to fucking communicate with me. So don't fucking DM me. Yeah, give me, give me. What the fuck am I going to give you? If you think that I give a fuck about your 50 or 500 bucks or 5 ,000 or 50k, I don't give a fuck about your money or about anyone's money.

00:27:58
So when I'm working hard to help you guys, at least, at least have the fucking decency to know how to communicate with someone. So when you come in, you're a member. Listen, MW, you told us that we could get the indicator if we get into the Patreon. Yes, indeed. So can you please send us the indicator? Yes, I will for sure send you the indicator. When I own the time, when I see it, I will send you the indicator. So here you are. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Focus. And there we go. But don't think that you're freaking out 50. Okay or your 50 bucks or whatever it is that you think that

00:28:39
you can come and just demand things as if you are go fuck yourself and fuck you and fuck your money I don't give a fuck about you even if you would give me 50 million dollars I don't give a fuck if you don't know how to communicate with me go fuck yourself and fuck you and fuck all the money you own I don't give a fuck about it so that's about that so everyone anyone you're warned I warn you If you think that you can just DM me and start demanding stuff as if we are some friends, I will block your fucking ass at the same moment. And you will get your fucking money back, whatever it is, if you're new and just go fuck yourself. You're either be mannered or go fuck yourself.

00:29:29
So that's the message. So let me get back to auction. So auction. I'm going to short it because I think it might go down. That's not how it fucking works. That's not how it fucking works. A coin does not go down because you feel like it's going down because it went up. And it's for the same story, by the way, for the coins that go down. Because this is, by the way, where most retailers get fucked. Because they see, for example, let me show you. It's very important because this happens even more guys; this happens even more, so just like, let's just say this dump, this dump, this candle. This is where retailers lose most money because this thing, our auction, our bullet auction, goes to the moon, and everything, cryptos going to the moon, and then you get this dump down, boom!

00:30:24
And then you get this retailer; oh, this thing dumped so much. I've got to buy in, open up those wrongs; I'm gonna long it, and then the detector attack, boom! The next dump, liquidated. Oh, it dumped so much. This thing cannot dump more. And then boom. And then you got another dump and so on and so on. So this is how retailers lose most money. And especially in meme coins. So if I would just put on, let's say, Fartcoin. You know, Fartcoin? You got all these people that are so fucking bullish on Fartcoin. You know, they follow this. What is it? Ansem or Ansem or whatever the fuck. Name he has got over there,

00:31:03
so you know they follow them and then the fucking's going to the moon and then boom down, okay well we're gonna buy cheap now it dumped, yes boom liquidated, oh okay we're not, we're not, we're not testing this one, so let's go, let's buy in, boom liquidated again, boom liquidated again, boom, and so on and so on and so on, the price just keeps going down, so this is the same up it's the same guys, this is the same guy, so don't think that if this thing went up over here, oh yeah well it might dump down, let's go short, why not, that's not how it works, so that's number one, number two, this is by the way, especially for the GTC traders, so the ones that are in the with the team, listen guys, when the team shares with you, you know they gave me permission to explain this to you because they were getting a little bit annoyed also.

00:32:03
Not from their own members, by the way, but from the feed on my ex. So what happened is, I think they gave their first call in their group because GainTrader gave this in their paid group. They gave this call to their members. So what they did was they gave this call. They gave the call over, I think it was something like this. So they gave the call over here. And then this thing dumped down. So they made money. Boom, boom, they made money. They made a lot of money on this dump because they nailed this target. They made a lot of money over here. What they did was, while they shared this target, they shared also another target. So salute to Gain Trading Crypt. You guys are really blowing my mind lately.

00:32:53
They are really, you know, people just need to understand what those freaks are doing. So what they did while they shared this target, they shared another target. They shared this target. This is what they did. Yeah, you know, now when I'm putting on these lines, it looks pretty, it looks super, super crazy because you would think, oh, what the fuck? Do these guys have some kind of, do they got some kind of crystal ball or whatever? No, they're just traders. So they gave discourse. They made money over here and they also instructed because this is the thing that when I'm losing it because there was one member from them that DM'd me, it's also the reason why I'm doing this by the way because of this member, there's one member particularly from them, listen just listen so while this thing was going down, they gave you the instruction to liquidate

00:33:50
25 or 30 percent of your position and then they did it again if I'm not mistaken I could be mistaken but I think they did it again, so I think that they gave you two times to liquidate 50 to 60 percent of your position, profits deep profits big profits over here, so then you are educated when you are in their group, you get the trading course, so you know that green never ever ever ever, ever Ever turns into red. So, what you do, they don't need to hold your fucking hand. You can put on a stop loss in profits. So, because why you will never let green turn into red. So either way you're going to take, because this thing went up or maybe above the indicator under one hour or under 15 minutes, whatever it is you want, you just put your stop loss in there.

00:34:39
You get hit and then you take all the profits. So you made a very good trade over here. So you made a good trade over here. You made money. You made money. So then. This thing went up again so when this thing went up again, I think by this time they did not update you if they wanted to get in again, they would tell you that they were gonna in so they're now eyeing this target; this is what they do, this is their target, so they got hit on this target and they made money again, they made money again. I know that they refused to take profits but at some point they took profits and we're going to talk about these profit levels by the way in a moment, so They took profits.

00:35:17
They instructed you to take profits again. So again, you made money over here. So you didn't lose a penny on this trade. You can only lose money on this trade if you're not doing as they are telling you to do. Because, you know, I'm not saying that anyone is blaming them or whatever, but I'm seeing in my feed that people are bleeding. How is it possible that you're bleeding? How? So we're going to talk about the other group in a moment, the MW, the MW. I'm not talking about the gain trading group. So they instructed you, again, take the damn profits. And over here, while we went up, so not over here. I'm not talking about over here. Over here is when you get stop loss.

00:36:00
So over here, you're just out of the car, especially with the funding rates being super red. Over here, you're out. They are not out. They are chase trading the crap out of this. But they go in and out. They take profits, go in and out, fill up. And this is how they higher up their average. They will kill this coin. You know, let me go back. Let me go back where we started. They will kill this coin. You see this? They will destroy this coin. If it will take one day, two days, a week, two weeks, three weeks, a month. They will destroy this coin. Let that be clear. They will chase this thing to death. That's what they're going to do. That's what they're going to do.

00:36:50
But you have to understand that there is a big possibility that if the BTC pair goes up even more, that this thing probably might break up even more. But they are prepared for this. Keep prepared, you know their average entry now is 47; so they took profits over here and over here, and now their average entry is 46 or 47. These guys are just they're just starting. You know while you're telling me, 'Oh, I'm right.' How is it possible that you got them right? How did you get where what made you get right? So, okay, so this was for the gain trading group, by the way. By the way, this thing is really; those Koreans are really ramping this thing up. And the reason why they're ramping it up, they're getting the power from over here, guys.

00:37:41
This is why they're getting the power from. So it's not as if they're opening much more longs or they're liquidating or whatever. It's just this, they're flipping. So the VCs, what they're doing is they're flipping their Bitcoin into this auction. That's what is pushing auction up. So the game is played over here. This is where the game is played. They're pushing, they're flipping their Bitcoin into auction. And that's what's pushing auction up more and more and more. And it could even make all-time high. Because if this thing would be over here, over here, over here, then I would say, okay, maybe this is the end of the rise. But, you know, look where it

00:38:24
is. auction is already at all-time high almost and look we didn't even reach the resistance level so this shows me that there is more upside possible for auction as long as those funding rates keep going red but that's you know that's what they want that's what gain trading quip wants they want them to pump it even up more because they are chasing it and every time when they take a breather This is how it works. When they take a breather, let me put this over here, by the way. This is all-time high. All-time high is around. We didn't touch it yet. So 49. So every time when they take a breather, let me show you this. So like this breather, they liquidate.

00:39:08
I understand the question when you tell me, but how do they know this? They went in over here, dump. They went in over here, dump. How do they know this? That's just what they do. That's just experience and analyze. And maybe they nailed it this time. Maybe they'll get it wrong next time. So don't only focus on when they get it right. They could get it wrong also. But, you know, even if they would get it wrong, they are prepared for it. They know how to tackle it. So now we're going to talk about the next thing because I don't have a lot of time. So we're going to talk about the MW. MW, not about. So let me talk about MW. First of all, MW, you have to put it on.

00:39:53
Let me first of all start with the 4-hour. This is MW style. This is MW. This is MW. This is MW. So first of all, what I shared with you is this. So we had number one over here, and we had number two over here. So let me push it this way, and then I can show you better. So we had over here. This was the breakout. So, and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Then this was the first test on the four hour. Okay. Then went up and then this was test number two. So number two. So now we didn't get to test number three, but you know, that's just a matter of time. So this is for me, the reason why I say, okay, this is a chase rate.

00:40:41
This is a chase rate. This is a chase rate, but you have to know how to chase rate. So you can thank Alpiman. And you can thank Janice over here that you still are not getting the Chase Trading Course with 4. 0. You can thank them, those two. Those two, you can thank them. Tell them thank you. Thank you, Alpiman. Thank you, Janice, for not getting us the Trading Course with 4. 0. Thank them. Guys, thank them, please. In the chat, you can thank Alpiman. You can thank Janice. You can thank them both. They are the reason why a Trading Course with 4. 0 is not out yet. So listen. You got over here,

00:41:17
so you got you got you got you got over here, this touch this touch there will be a third touch but you have to keep in mind that this thing also keeps creeping up, okay, so this is number one, so this thing is bullish as that's like you're seeing over here, this is a book, so when you share with me auction auction mw auction auction auction auction is bullish, guys, that's what auction is, auction is super bullish. So let me go to the one hour. One hour is more interesting. The one hour is much more interesting. So now I'm going to show you guys, come on, indicator, come, where's my indicator? There it is. So over here, we got, over here, there's four more going on. Okay, back, back, below, below, below.

00:42:03
Boom, up. So suppose that you went into a short over here, guys. You went into a short over here. Very great short, in my opinion. Great short if you opened it over here. Boom, another test, boom, down. This is where you take, or you take profits over here. If you're satisfied, you take out 20%, 30%, 40%, but over here, you just get out. It's that simple. You just get out. And especially if you see, because I even tweeted about it, especially if you see that funding rates are getting red, super red, because at some point it was like 0. 5 and then. The predicted one was 1 . 5, 1 . 7. Okay, when you see things like that, just get out! Get out!

00:42:48
Or if you are in a chase trade, decrease, decrease, decrease, decrease your position to buy much higher to add to your position. So that was going on over here. That's what happened over here. Exactly that is what happened over here. Funding rates I even shared and tweeted about it. Listen, guys, funny words-I don't know if it was over here or it was over there, but either way, funny ways of flipping super red. Be very careful, so over here we got this up, and then you know this is where the wheels take over, boom, boom, boom, boom! And let me tell you, if you're Chase trading this, I will buy in over here, I'll open up shorts over here, and over here, short, short, short. When it comes back to the indie, I take profits now.

00:43:40
Listen again, notebook: I take profits-you don't have to ask anyone. Oh my god, Detroit is going against me in a Chase, oh lord, what to do? Don't, don't ask anyone-you got that indicating in front of your face, that's your best friend. This is your best friend-don't go ask anyone because nobody will give you the answer that you're looking for. Don't ask fucking nobody what to do. The indicator, that is your fucking friend. He will help you. He will guide you through this. He's the one. He's your fucking best friend. He's the one that will show you the way. Nobody else. Not even M. Willkiller. Because when M. Willkiller is off the charts, he cannot help you. So the indicator, that's all you need. So if you are, when it comes down, oh, wait a minute.

00:44:32
Let me see. Especially when it comes into the indicator. Oh, wait a minute. Let me check the funding rates. Oh, the funding rates are still super red. Oh, just decrease your fucking position. You decrease it because most of the time you can, and by the way, guys, you can also just reverse button, just long the crap out of it. So that's, I've talked about it, but that's another style. So I'm just now focusing on people that are Chase shorting. So over here. Is when you decrease your amount, it goes up; you start slowly adding to your position again. If you if you if you just went out to 50 percent or 75 percent over here, you start like five percent, okay, another five percent, and you're hiring up your average entry like this, you know, up and then, okay, okay, up and then, okay, okay, up and so on and so on.

00:45:27
Same story over here, over there; if you so same story over here over if you so if you filled up, if you filled up over here, if you filled up in this range over here, over there is where you take profits because it's testing again. So, again, do you think it's a coincidence that when this thing gets into this indicator that it bounces up from it?

00:46:03
It's not! It's not, it's not. And then you get that greed inside of you. Yeah, but what if, just what if we're going to get this candle? I'm already in a lot of losses. So, you know, when it comes into the indicator, I just hope that it will make a candle like this. And then it maybe even dumps even more. When you think like that, it means that you are emotional. It means that you are not made for trading. It means that you'll get wrecked. It means that you're going to lose money. It means you shouldn't be trading anyway. So, this is number one. So this is actually number one. So now comes the most important part because this is the technical part and this is how you should trade this.

00:46:43
Now you should just drive this thing and just follow it up. Okay? Because I know that the team is now following up and they are just, the higher it goes, the more they're adding to their position. And the higher the average entry is. Because, again, let me remind you. Remember? I need to show you guys this now every freaking time. Look, I need to remember. Because now, especially if you are in this position, you just don't believe. You just think, oh, no, no. This thing will go to the morning. Did we just make a new high? Yeah, we made a new all-time high, auction. So congrats to auction, new all-time high auction. So I know people, oh, MW, this thing, this thing, this thing, this thing will go to, you know, this thing is going to $1,000.

00:47:31
Yes! No, this thing, this thing, I know. Why is it going to, you know, why? Because I was in the short. And so what? Yeah, I got wrecked. So what does that mean? This thing will never come down. Why? Because, you know, MW, I've been watching this coin and it has got like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. It's like 14 days or whatever. This thing is going to the moon. This thing is not going to dump. Bro, if Tesla can dump, this f***ing scam coin can also dump. Keep that in your mind. Always think like this. So whenever someone is telling you about any altcoin that couldn't dump, tell them this. Listen, if Tesla can dump, if Meta can dump, if Apple can dump, if Nvidia can dump, why would Auction not dump?

00:48:31
Always use this. Use what I just said. So, no matter where you are, you see something like, it cannot dump, it cannot dump, it's going to the moon. If Tesla can dump, This f***ing scam. I don't even know what the f*** Auction is, by the way. To be honest, I don't even give a f*** about what it is. The only thing that I'm telling you is that the team, they're now starting to DC. They already started over here. They made profits. So they're in profits. And they took another profit. And now they're going for the third round. That's what they're doing now. But now comes the most important part because we're running out of time. Most important part. Most important, most important. It's the size.

00:49:15
It's the fucking size. It's the fucking size. The size of your position. It's all about the size of your position. Because it's the greed, greed, and size. So fucking write this down. Size, greed. Because greed and size, they go together. It's the same thing. Greed and size. The problem with fucking retailers is they over, oversize themselves. So when they got a fucking portfolio of, let me say, they've got, you know, The thing that amazes me is if you took the plume trade or you took the – so if you are running in big gains, those big gains, you forget about them. They're not important. Nobody says something about them. You know, I made 800%. I made 1,200%. But, you know, who gives a fuck? I'm bleeding.

00:50:00
Well, how are you bleeding? But even if you are – even if you fucked it up and you're in auction short and you're losing money. But your other position is printing money. So you should be at break-even. But that's not the feeling that I'm getting on Twitter. I'm getting the feeling like, oh, my God, wait a minute. These guys are losing money. How is this possible? How the fuck is it possible that you're losing money? I'm going to tell you why. Because why? Because you have seen this coin going up. And what you're saying is, oh, it must come down. Why? That's the amateurs. That's the fucking amateurs think like this. That's not how you do it. So the size, guys. Size.

00:50:41
Size size size and greed, greed, this is your biggest enemy training; I know for one million percent sure that every freaking one of you in this chat, in this live stream, that is watching this, every one of you: if any one of you would know how to control his or her greed, I know that every freaking one of you. I will train you, I will get you the skills to get financially independent, to make sick money. But you have to control your fucking greed. I cannot come to you, hold you by the throat and tell you, 'just fucking, just fucking, fucking kill the fucking greed.' Don't be fucking greedy. So, I think this is about the worst live scene that I did ever.

00:51:27
So, if you have a portfolio of for example 10k yes 10k okay so we already have like two three positions running in profits when you go into the auction trade make sure that your position is just as big as the positions that you are already running. And especially just like I'm teaching you how to take profits up in the chase trading, when you're chase trading, you decrease, you decrease, you decrease. If the indicator is showing you upside momentum, if the funding rates are showing you upside momentum, don't let the greed get to you. Just decrease the fucking money. When you see the other positions in short that are bouncing up into resistance just to do like this. Here, you don't have to decrease. You can even increase your positions. It works.

00:52:25
That's how it works. So you're in profits. Increase it. Don't be fucking afraid. Don't fear the markets. Just increase your position. Why? Because the indicator is showing you that. The odds are showing you that. The funding rates are showing you that. MW is showing you that. You know, the fundamentals are showing you that. The tokenomics are showing you that. Everything is showing you that. The momentum is showing you that, the most important part. You could even increase it. Just increase the fuck out of it. Just follow the momentum. And this thing, like auction, is finding momentum up. You just fucking decrease it. Over here, you fill up again. So do you really think that the team is running in huge gains on the trades that they share?

00:53:07
Because they share more trades that are all printing like crazy. So for them, they don't give a fuck about this auction. Actually, they're also making money on it and they'll just chase trade it even if it would go to 50 or 55, 56 so that's it. This is number so the size make sure that your size is the same and if you are chase trading, chase trade with low amounts, that's number two. I already said this in leverage trading course number one, so you all should know this already, aren't you just fucking so? Let's say that you let's just say you started at 30 bucks, chase trading this. I don't know why you would do this, but let's just say you did it. And the price shoots up.

00:53:51
You should over here, increase, decrease, increase, increase, increase. That's how chase trading does. So by the time that this thing is at 40 bucks, your entry should be at 35. And for sure, maybe on this, to get this done, maybe you took some small losses. On the you know sometimes the price goes too much up and then it comes down to the indicator and you're still you're still in losses well so be it take that small loss just take it let's take the damn loss so over here 40 and then over here you do it again and that's how you chase straight this thing. But now comes the most important part if you entered at 30 your liquidation level should be at least at least

00:54:42
180, 150, 120 at least so over here should be your liquidation level and based on the messages that I've been seeing on Twitter and I really have no clue where they came from but I saw some people panicking, oh auction is going up so it's not only about it's not about that your liquidation level should be at 120. It's also the fact that you oversized yourself because when you start saying like, it means that you oversized yourself. You have to see it like this, guys. Trading crypto, especially leverage trading, especially when you are like surrounded by scammers, VCs, market makers, shillers, whatever, they're all hunting you down. That's what they do. Trading leverage in crypto is not about the sprints. It's not about making the money in very, very fast.

00:55:50
How it works is it works like you have to survive. You have to survive. You never get liquidated. And you trade based on what you're seeing, just like I'm educating you guys step by step. So, for example, you got a 10K portfolio. When you got a 10K, I know that in your minds. What happens in your mind is when you see all those, you know, all those, all those posts on Twitter. Oh, I made $50K. I made $100K. I became a millionaire. I've got, you know, I bought myself a Lamborghini. I bought myself this. This is how retailers think. Oh, I'm going to get rich. Oh, fuck that shit. That's the shit that will get you liquidated and lose a lot of money. It's not about that.

00:56:35
That's not what it's all about. fuck that shit so if you got a portfolio of 10k what you're gonna do is you always control your greed you take 70 bucks profits 80 bucks profits 100 bucks profits 200 bucks profits sometimes you hit the jackpot you make maybe 1k profits i don't care and then again 40 bucks 70 bucks 50 bucks $40. And sometimes, like when you're chase trading and the price moves up too fast, you can take a loss, a small loss, when you decrease your position. You take a loss of $30. You take a loss of $40, $50. This happens maybe 10% or 20%, often 100%. Whereas most of the times, you'll get it right.

00:57:23
And also, over here, when you're chase trading, when you take those losses, it's just an investment. You have to see it like I'm investing money over here. I'm in the red. I don't care. It's an investment. It's just like when a price goes down and you're DCA buying in down. So when we go up, that's why you're going to take the profits. In Chase Trading, it's the same story. But you have to not over-size your fucking self. You have to have the feeling of, I hope that it goes up more. You know, auction, where are you? What is it? 48? I want you to go to 60. Because why? I want to hire up my. Average entry so I will strike you hard so when you dump down to the 30 bucks I'm gonna make changing so again, you can thank Janice and Alpiman for trading course four-bit-four chase trading for not releasing it; thank them again.

00:58:21
I want to thank you all for watching um I want to apologize if someone is feeling I have to do this I have to be I have to be hard I have to be straight. I have to, you know, I have to do this. It's the only way to get through your minds. It's the only way to show you guys, you know, I can predict all the markets. I can predict when Bitcoin goes up. I can predict on daily basis how Bitcoin goes down. I can predict how the markets work. I can predict where the markets go. But if you guys are controlled by greed, you will still lose money. You will still lose money. Because at some point, the greed will get into you. When the greed will get into you, you'll start making mistakes. And that's how you lose money. So I love you all. Have a nice one. Thanks all for watching. And well, until the next one. And bye-bye.