*** Live Stream 04-13-2025 Top 10 #Altcoins to pump next week !! *** 

00:00:43
welcome welcome welcome retail fam mw and we'll kill a game tweeting crypto and welcome rita from welcome welcome back gtc so we're gonna do a live stream today gonna talk a little bit about macro a lot about altcoins uh what's going on what are we gonna do what to expect is mw still bullish yes he's bullish as long you know as long as you see mw bullish you see those bubbles green green green green green and i understand you know i understand that you know nobody's talking about it you know listen guys you just check mw's twitter page this guy when he's bearish it's always red when he gets bullish things turn green how the Freak is this guy doing that who the freak is this guy at least people that understand markets they ask themselves this question.

00:01:40
Not the fools on Twitter. You know, the fools on Twitter are just, oh, I'm wrecked. And then, oh, it's going up again. Oh, this and that, you know, whatever. So we're going to play some music while we're going to play the music. We're going to also see who's with us in the live today. So, yeah. So let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Do I got some music today? I hope that I got some music. We need the music today. Boom, boom.

00:03:16
What do we got? Zoopark! The music is still running, I know! Zoopark! Boom!

00:03:29
Zoopark! Pedro Costa! Ziggy Jack! GF! GF Blaze! Oh, what do we have? What do we have? I've got Trap! Skating Skills! Gisto! VLA! Constra! he's back home. I don't know if she's healthy enough, but she's back home. Sean, we got Alana McDee, Australia's away, that's great, that's great. Top Doc Marco, let's go. Marky is in the house, good, tough break, that Frank Willems is this pop off. Oh, we got Mo Mo Hammett's 19. Following us, Christopher Rozan. Oh, what have we got? Rakan. We got Alamothor. We got, what is this? Liss. Jules Pip. We got Muhammad Ali. We got Jerry in the house. We got Michael Boba. Sportsman. Can't miss the live. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got, we got, we got G, we got Biggie, we got Benjamin, Naveen, we got Margarita Lopez, we got Roy Brewer, Mel Pink, Chris Lee, what do we got, what do we got, Benjamin Burke, Jawad Mazhar, Ermanshaft is in the house, Ermanshaft is here, yes! So, basically, I have to see if the Patreons are having a good day because I updated it. Let me tweet about it. Patreon. Click on the link again. We are live now.

00:06:02
I don't know why, I just love it.

00:06:13
know I know that they got the right link but the problem is you know if they already clicked on it then they go to the so I updated it so they need to click on it again so that's all but I'm seeing that the numbers are increasing so they're probably uh they get it now okay so okay enough enough enough enough let's go to the weekend alpha yes so so I just you know I just made a post on the ran I know that Ren is a little bit ignoring me and, you know, I get it why he's ignoring me. I feel, I feel. I understand it. I understand it. No hard feelings for Ren. And I understand why Ren is ignoring me lately. I understand it. I feel it.

00:06:57
But, you know, he was probably, oh, the future is going to open to people. Yeah. You know, I met a kid at the pool. He's like seven years old. And he also knew that, you know, someone told him he read the news that Trump has been, you know. Back off on China? So you know, and you know, and the futures reacted positively in the weekend, on that you know, yeah, so we all know that Mr., we know that, we know, we know everyone knows it, but it's not about the US 500; this is what it's about. So uh, for the ones that are in here, so if you want to be a lead trader, a lead investor, a lead market analyst, this is what you have to do.

00:07:37
This I already told you about this days ago; it's about the forex policy; it's not about stocks anymore; it's not about index; it's not all about bonds yields and and and you know. So let me first of all tell you let me first of all tell you that you know because some people are getting confused, and you know while they're getting confused I just don't get why are you getting confused what's what's your problem? It's very simple! It's very simple. I gave you this weeks ago; I gave it to you days ago; and I gave you also over here. I told you, I don't know in what language I need to speak. You have to be bullish. You have to remain bullish. You have to stay bullish.

00:08:24
As long as this thing is holding, bullish, bullish. Guys, before this box was even over here. So, before we had this box even here, while we're traveling over there, I already told you. This is your short. This is your long. What more can I tell you? I explained it to you in detail. You know, I kept repeating myself on Twitter. Focus on longs. Focus on longs. I did it like three streams, four streams. Focus on them. I told you goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. You know, let me show you. Let me show you again in case you forgot. Listen, look at this. Look, look, what was I telling you? Goodbye goodbye. This is where you buy. This is where you buy. This is not what you sell. This is not where you're afraid.

00:09:13
This is where you buy, you buy, you buy. Remember goodbye-I didn't just go get it. You know, there was one reason for me to listen. You know, I was focused so much on shorts the past weeks that, you know, you know, I just can't get into this long. But listen, OK, I get that. I get that if you say that, because I feel you because you have to see it like this. You are no professional trader. So I know when you are in a bearish narrative, you stay in it until you get wrecked. When you are in a bullish narrative, you stay in it until you get wrecked. That's just how it works. You know, that's just the humans. That's how humans work. But now let me get back.

00:09:59
Let me get back. When the best trader analyst in the world that's telling you, buy, buy, buy, long, long, long. You have to fucking listen. Oh, I'm swearing. I need 100 bucks. I got 100 bucks over here. Wait a minute. One minute, guys. I've got 100 bucks over here. So, $100 how much is that in to buy money? I think around 400 bucks to buy money, okay there she goes, swearing $100 into the pot, oh the alarms are going off over here, okay great! So, is that just because I paid $100 you know guys, every time when I'm gonna swear I'm gonna pay 100 bucks into the pot, going to charity,

00:10:55
that's it, it's just I just need to stop freaking no it's more bro, it's more is it 367 now, oh I, you know I put in 400 uh aad so you know okay a little bit a little bit I gave a tip to that I gave a tip to the charity I gave them 400 so it's you know I just have to do it I just have to do it you know uh And it's Peter. It was Peter. It was you. I saw you posting that one. You just have to freaking listen. I understand it. It's hard. It's hard to keep fighting your own mind. I get it. I just get it. You don't have to think like, oh, well, I'm W. No, I feel you.

00:11:38
It's not like I'm laughing at you or I'm burning you. No, definitely not. I'm training you. So you can only train, you know, when you do some, make some mistake, when you fall, you stand up. And then what I don't like is when you stand up and you keep, keep, keep going into, how do you say this in English? You keep, you keep, you keep, you keep, now keep walking into the same, same, same tree, you know, keep hitting your head every time. Every morning you got boom, boom, boom. No, if that's your life, then it sucks. Then, okay, but you know, it doesn't matter. Okay. The first time you make a mistake, I'm going to talk. Okay. And that tells me to focus a lot. I just can't. Okay.

00:12:20
If you can't, if you got the feeling like I can't, what you do is stay out of the markets. Do nothing. Do nothing. That's what you do. Just do nothing. It's, it's really, it's really okay, so basically let me go back, let me go back to where I was, let me go back because you know I was, I was, I was so let's, let's talk about, I know you know, I understand that you know when you go into Twitter, you read only this oh the futures are going up to three percent oh well we're gonna pump oh bitcoin might go up you know we know this already you know we knew this we already talked about you know this is this is the difference we are always two, three steps ahead of everyone else.

00:13:11
So, you know, when they are talking about what's happening today and yesterday, we already talked about that two weeks, three weeks ago. So, you know, but because, you know, it doesn't matter what's about today. I don't give a freak about, don't swear, don't swear. I don't give a freak about what happened, what's going to happen today. So, I'm, you know, and I'm day trading, I do, but, you know, on a macro. i need to know what's gonna happen the next two weeks or three weeks that's the only thing that you know i'm cracking my brains every time again and again every day about knowing what's gonna happen in two weeks because that's what's gonna make me the most gains not what's gonna happen today or tomorrow because what's gonna happen today and tomorrow you know i already acted on that so when i told you okay folks our lungs were lost when i told you to buy the lungs are printing the spot bags that have been filled are printing everything is printing already

00:14:01
so that is printing already we prepared ourselves for that past weeks now i need to prepare myself for the next weeks and that's what i'm cracking my mind about i told you already you know i'm trying to connect the dots so that's what i want to talk about that's important it's not important with you know well trump is backing down you know from the computers and the phones and this and that with china whatever whatever that Was to be expected, The guy is just manipulating the markets. You know, that's just what he does. And, you know, that's what he likes. And, you know, he's probably making a lot of money on it. Just saying. Maybe it was the agreement to pay some sponsors that sponsored his presidency. I don't know.

00:14:51
And to be fair, I don't give a freak also. Don't swear. This is you know, this is the chart that I'm looking at, you know, I keep looking at it, looking at it, looking at it. So what's gonna happen? So let me tell Let's go in! I was talking to I had you know I was talking a little bit with Sid also about this because Sid is in my opinion the best Fundamental guy. I was talking; he knows a lot about Asia, so basically let me let me let me talk a little bit in a little bit of you know children's language because I think that most of you guys will appreciate that the most because so you can understand a little bit what we're going to talk about.

00:15:42
So first of all, you got this DXY, what is the DXY? This Y is like US dollar against you know the euro, yen, uh, Canadian, Australian dollar, etc., whatever. Most of all, what you're seeing here is this is the USD vs. USD, so if this thing goes down, it means that the value of the dollar is going down. I've always been telling you, Trump, the only thing that he has to do is defend this dollar he has to defend it for not crushing so what we're seeing now we're seeing now it's not that he's doing it but you know the markets are doing it and the dollar is crushing then you got these guys you know the morango or morango i don't know what it is the theory about that

00:16:26
trump the big plan is so the real plan so not the tariff crap that you're seeing on the news the real plan is that he wants to weaken the dollar so uh he can sell the depths again what we have been seeing is you know that asia the ones that have been buying a lot of debt from america is you know japan china um you got a little bit of saudis but The ones that are buying the debt are not interested in the US dollar anymore, so There's not a lot of greed into that direction because, very simple, America has been printing like crazy and their debt is increasing. That's number one. The big theory now is that he wants to weaken the dollar so he can get the dollar more attractive to these continents so they will start buying US debt again.

00:17:21
But now comes the most important part. My opinion because normally what you would see if you want to see this thing going up it's mostly when you know, like the Fed starts raising rates but the rates are already at a top so they could increase them a little bit more but you know we we they can't increase them a lot more because at this point, you know, the banks are also in danger, so the more they start this keep increasing those those rates, the more the banks could collapse. So, you know, the Fed, you know, nobody is in a worse position at this moment than the Fed. So because if the Fed would cut rates, you know, this thing would crash down to the blue zone like this, you know.

00:18:13
So in my opinion, what I'm seeing now is, you know, at some point trump whatever whoever in the whole usa what they need to do they need to protect this dollar but if they're gonna protect this dollar how are they gonna do it so you can weaken it so if the real plan is really to weaken this thing over here i don't think that the the us dollar will ever survive this that's what i think i think that the us dollar is in danger it's you know we've seen the petrol dollar disappearing they're fighting it we're seeing uh the bricks most important part the bricks rising up also not interested in in the us dollar are we seeing europe uh fighting back to the usa by getting don't swear don't surround them you're getting freaked on the gas and the oil that they have to pay a lot more money on and so you know there are a lot of countries they are you know

00:19:13
like okay this us dollar we have to you know okay there are other ways we don't need this us dollar so i just think that that trump is playing a super super super super dangerous game over here because if you're gonna if you know if the whole world is already running away from the us dollar and you are gonna push them even more the only one that can defend it you gotta push them more to weaken it i don't think you can survive that i think that that will i think you know a lot of people they don't know this but let me tell you this guys if the us dollar for example falls down goes below this uh blue box uh this is even worse Than a world war, you guys have no clue what kind of impact this could have globally.

00:20:02
People have no clue, I know that you guys have no clue. This is worse than a world war if you suppose that you know that this thing gets insolvent that this thing just dumps down. If this thing dumps down, uh, I'm telling you the whole world will be this will be the this will be the the biggest crash ever, ever, ever, globally in the economy. And then you can tell me, oh my, you're talking crap. Okay, I'm talking crap. I'm telling you, I'm telling you: if this thing crashes down, that will be the end. But you know at some point what we have to also let so let me go back. To this one,

00:20:43
let me go to this one by the way, this is a huge uh bounce over here by the way, this is really huge bounce but uh so this will probably also open a bit higher but let me just tell you this guys it's because this is very important I'm gonna explain you guys now is that you know uh what was I gonna say, yes. So what we have to see now is because we're talking now about the boxes. Let me go to the boxes. So, OK, we know this. OK, but something that we didn't talk about, by the way, you got another box over here also. But something that we haven't talked about is, is that these boxes have been holding every time for the past... what is it?

00:21:26
Five years. This is five years. This is 10 years. So we have been holding the boxes every time again and again and again. And something extra coming out of this is this is a bubble. Do you have a bubble over here? I don't think I have a bubble over here. Do you have a bubble? No, I don't have a bubble over here. Sorry, guys. I got a big cloud over here for you guys. I got a cloud. So this is a bubble that we're in. So you know my tweet that I posted about, you know, Chinese stocks are maybe the best. to buy if you're interested in stocks i still stand with it i

00:22:11
think that the life-changing money is not anymore in the us 500 and you know it sounds maybe a bit you know but it is what it is because why because i think that you know this these boxes need to get broken you know at least this box need to get broken this was you know because you know trump has been doing whatever it is that he has been doing and you know uh uh we dumped down what was it we dumped down from top to bottom in the box what was it 21 yeah around 21 it's nothing and from that 21 we already bounced we already bounced um 30 so basically we're down eight percent on top we're just backed all time high it's crazy guys it's crazy to even talk about this it's crazy to even you know just just try to get this into Your mind which is eight percent, eight percent, two three, good tomorrow I think tomorrow, we can make two percent, three percent, five percent off, you know.

00:23:22
If they're ramp up maybe back guys so you know all that news that you have been reading about, oh the market question everything's going down and we wiped out a lot of trillions that it's going to whatever it's all crap because we're back we're back at the ultimate high again there we go again. So yeah, so basically you know you know you know for me I you know. We are long, we're focusing on laws, we bought some bags, are printing now it's great but you know in my opinion I have to Start preparing myself for these bugs, oh what are you saying, mw, yes that's what I'm saying, that's what I'm saying, I'm preparing

00:24:04
myself for this box and how do I prepare myself in this box it's very easy, you know, I just trade the momentum up, up, up, no problem, I just trade the momentum and then I flip short, I'll flip short in you know like this, I'll flip short, I'll flip short very hard, you know, and let me tell you this also because something I wanted to show you guys also um is that us 500, this bubble is so big and it's so scary that these guys don't, don't they don't even believe in double bottoms, look at this one we went down and then up we never looked back over here. This is even, this because this candle is bigger than this candle and this candle, so this is by the way, in one time, so let me just say this, these guys don't believe in double bottom, so it's, it's just dump it and then pump it, it's that simple, so that's how I see 500 works.

00:25:07
But you know, I, you know, you know it's, it's really, really my blood, let me tell you this. If markets would crash, if market would crash, so like because a lot of people talking about this is a question in my opinion. This is not fresh, this is no crash in my opinion, in my opinion, this is no crash. Hey. Stop it, so in my opinion, this is no crash. Then it goes that of course yeah yeah keep keep keep killing. So in my opinion, this is no crash, we went down from this box to the back. This was no crash; a real crash is if we would go below it. So from now it's you know we had a correction, that's all what it was. We had a correction and we're bouncing beautifully.

00:25:52
From so the lines are getting respected, the box is getting respected, everything is getting respected. Everything is bouncing. So all this crap about you know about about what crescents are, so for me now at this moment, is you know trying to figure out how high can they push this thing back. Up because we had this one, we had this one that was crazy. Then, we have this one so let's see now with Trump even opening the gates for China and you know okay, China, China is not backing down. They shouldn't be backing you know why? They're buying freaking debt from America and then you want me to you come to troll me. You know, China will not back down so I don't know how Mr.

00:26:33
Xi is gonna react to whatever Trump has been doing over the weekend so his timing has been great like always um and let's see so for me it's basically just, it comes up into this region and if we'll come up to these regions over here, I'm gonna start telling you, I'm going to start Preparing myself for the next shorts again. What? Did you say MW? Yes. I'm going to prepare myself for the next shorts again. You got a short again, MW? But why, Bettina? Yes, I'm going to prepare myself for the shorts again. Okay. So, Peter, maybe soon you're going to get back into your shorting narrative again. So, yeah, it's just what it is, guys. It's just how I think about it and how I see it.

00:27:15
For me, the most important part is discharge. So I'm just discharged. See if this level, because this, I want to see how this thing is going to open. And, you know, I just, I'm just, you know, I'm trying to find what the USA is going to do about this, you know, because they are going to do something about this. I know that Trump, especially Trump, I know that Trump is going to do something about this. It's got to happen. He's going to defend this one because he has to. It's not if he wants to, he has to defend it. So whatever it is that he's doing, if he's trying to weaken the US dollar for, you know, just for people to buy more debt and this was the whole plan, well, Mr.

00:27:59
Trump, whatever it is that you're doing, you have to start doing the opposite now because if you don't, it might be the end of the US dollar. So I think enough. I want to show you guys this one by the way, I want to show you guys Beverly Hills, look Beverly Hills Beverly Hills live! I already explained you this, like, you know, let me remove. I already explained you this for like, This is how the Beverly Hills gang makes free money every time. They just don't care; they do range trading, they do with the MW way, you know, just short the crap is up short it up short it short it short it short

00:28:43
it short it short it do you know how much freaking money these people make these these guys you know this is this is the sad part you know you got the middle class working very hard for their money and then you got this rich elite people they just make free money and why explain to us mw how do you make money you have to just look at the candles look these are weekly candles let me show you look how how much time we spend into this zone look over here you're seeing this look how much time we spend over here let me do it like this look how much time we spend at the bottoms and look how much time we spend at the top at the top is very easy because you know you see up dump down up dump down dump down dump down dump down

00:29:38
and very hard dumps down like this one dump down because we don't you know there is no accumulation over here there is no uh wait a minute uh let me let me no no no no no no no No, no, it's very simple. You see, it getting into for example what they do is they start doing it over here, this is their you know their starting zone where they start shorting you know and then they just hold their shorts and then they know they're gonna make money, this is the Chase trading style strategy, this is what Beverly Hills does so they don't care. Okay, oh well, uh VIX 45, start shorting it go oh it's a 50 more it's a 60 more 70 more just pump it up just pump it just fill those shorts just fill it just buy it, buy all those freaking shorts because why?

00:30:30
Because this thing won't last a week and it will dump down. So they get, you know, This Beverly Hills gang, they just cash in, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And they make a lot of money by doing nothing. And the middle class is working their butts off, the doctors, the factory people, everyone, the nurses, the garbage men, working their asses off to make a living. And then you got this Beverly Hills gang. You see what they do? this is what they do, they don't they don't care, they just okay up show the crap out of it, you know, just you know, it's a matter of one two three four days and we're gonna cash what yes we're gonna cash and then you know he's gonna buy himself a new Lamborghini, a new new Ferrari, a new whatever you know this is how it works this is how how how this is how This is how sad the world is.

00:31:38
This is why, you know, these people make so much money and, you know, and we have to struggle. You know, it's just like I explained to you guys with this terror for us. Who's going to pay for it? It's not the governments. It's not these rich people. They're not going to pay for it. It's the hardworking people in the world. They will pay for this terrorism. so yeah well that's about that and by the way i want to show you guys this one also because you know we lost this we lost this zone and oil um you know i think i'm gonna explain you guys next time because i'm pretty pretty interested in oil very soon so so i wanted to say that so okay enough about financial markets macros i hope that you guys uh

00:32:28
understood so let me i know that you guys always wait for the summary this is the summary the summary is if we're gonna hit this zone this is when i'm gonna start flipping bearish so does that mean oh could it go up yes it could go up i don't care i'm gonna prepare for myself i'm gonna let me just say it like this because most of you guys already trained by me you have the leverage trade course if you don't by the way dm me or uids be to next blow fin below In btnx, by the way guys, if anyone uh has got some troubles with weeks uh because of their security reasons, DM me please uh so we can solve those ones out.

00:33:06
So for now it's it's bluffing or btnx, uh, the links are in the description below or in my link tree on my bio on x trade there, reach to 100k which is nothing by the way. Uh, DM your UID and by the way don't DM me, Because I was telling you to DM me, don't DM me, DM GTC Insider. So if you're not following GTC Insider, follow them. Also, my bio I've got over there, the username of GTC Insider, DM GTC Insider. And, you know, that way, because, you know, I'm a lot of times, I'm a bit busy with a lot of stuff. But over there, you will get your answers. You will get very quick responses. And you'll get access to the 24/7 speed so for now, when we're going to reach this level, I'm gonna flip bearish; I'm gonna focus on the bearish side, especially the coins that we're going to talk about now. Yes, we're going to talk about altcoins. It's time for altcoins; it's time for altcoins; it's time for altcoins! Boom, boom! Come over here! Yeah, why not? Let's do some music while I'm gonna prepare myself for the altcoins.

00:35:19
One told me yesterday, you know, he DM'd me; he told me, listen, MW, listen, listen, listen. But how is it possible that, you know, you were bullish over here and then we reached the indicator and then you didn't flip bearish. You stayed bullish. Yes, because why? The difference between me and the indicator is that I anticipate if an indicator will get broken, yes or no. If it's going to break up yesterday when we reached the indicator, because that's next level. step number one for you guys is you know indicator respected up and down resistance and support and then if you want to do next level trading then you know because you know i already knew over here that this thing was gonna play so that's why i kept saying focus on longs focus along so we're not up so our next levels for for for bitcoin for me in my opinion is uh first is this one 88 89 so that's my first level uh

00:36:18
where i'm gonna flip bearish on some altcoins over here and then my next level is this one my next level is in the so in the most in the most bullish bullish in the most bullish case the most bullish case yes you heard me in the most bullish case in my opinion i could be wrong prove me wrong anyway uh so this is the first one 88 6 and then the next one is above 90, 91 to 93. So these are now the zones that I'm eyeing and I'll be taking, you know, if you're going to reach this one, I'm going to take a lot of loans and a lot of spotbacks. They will get liquidated. The profits will be taken. So the money will be cashed in.

00:37:07
How do we say in English? Let me know in the chat, please. So, guys, so this is the first level to watch and be very careful. So over here is when I'm gonna flip, when I'm gonna flip bearish again, and this one also, so uh. I know most of you guys you like the shorts more than the logs, I know although those should, you know, those longs are explosive. You know Fart Coin reached I think 7k, 7000 percent, it's madness! So uh, that's about this one, guys. Pexi is very simple; pexi is uh reaching a support level over here, so uh, we might get into this box over here if it wants to go up a little bit to support level.

00:37:52
So that's why why you're seeing Bitcoin not making a lot of moves now until markets open, uh, Unity dominance while doing whatever it's doing and oh well, oh well, oh well! Dominance is a lot about retracing here in the weekends; let's see how that thing is gonna do, uh. This one isn't reaching, I'm just waiting for this one to reach for Ethereum so okay, so enough, let's go into the alt coins. So I got some outcomes on the retail fam, uh, they've been asking me, I asked you guys, listen: give me some artwork, so uh, we've got this non-playable coin, it's NPC, uh, Shield by uh, some Dutch people and uh, well, you know, whatever. You know what to say. What do you want me to say about this?

00:38:42
So, you guys ask me about this, so you know, um... I would take some profits over here; I would take some profits over here. MPC. I'm not interested in whatever these Dutch people are shilling by the way; I just don't give a crap, I just don't, you know you know these guys, these guys are miserable. At least you know you've got, you've got a group of Dutch people. Especially on Twitter. These guys are really the moon one of the biggest disgusting people I've seen in my life, you know, you know. I don't see what they do because I blocked them all but it's really disgusting these people, you know. They're just disgusting-one really, really discussed-they wrecked so many people; you cannot even imagine, but.

00:39:40
So MPC for the one that is interested MPC over here, so let me go to the next one. This one, by the way. What is this? Baby, hey, baby, baby! Baby, baby, baby. I really have no clue what this baby is. I just got it-it's a new coin or whatever. Just a lot of Ponzi in my opinion-just a lot of Ponzi. This prompt prompt! Hey, prompt! What is prompt? Let's see what prompt is. I don't know what prompt is. What is prompt? We've talked about this already, I think. It was on the top 10. Prompt. Is this the one? 50 cents. Yeah, this is the one. Wayfinder. Wayfinder. This is Wayfinder. We are Wayfinder. Just another Ponzi also, in my opinion. Then X and C. Beautiful, beautiful. Beautiful. Did I trade this?

00:40:45
No, I didn't trade this. I did trade this. I did trade this. Whatever. You know, this is just, I don't know what to say. XRP. Beautiful. What a bump from XRP. XRP is so bullish. Next up is looking so good. We didn't even reach the blue zone over here. Leia. Oh, Leia. Leia. Okay, guys. So, seriously, guys. Seriously. You know, you have to feel it. This is my new girlfriend. Yes. Her name is Leia. She likes to call herself Leia. So, I love this girl. I just love this girl. Why do I love this? Because she makes me love her. That's why I love her. It's not that she's pretty or hot or whatever; she makes me a lot of money, that's why I love it it's that simple.

00:41:38
So, so I made for you guys, this orange zone, while we were over here, and I think boom, this was number one you've seen The Peanuts, it's that simple. I love you, but MW, how is it possible? You told us. I know that you told us. You even pointed out this box. You said it before it even happened. Because, you know, I just don't get it; I just don't get it. How are you guys not making money? So, this was the first one. Boom, down. And then we had this one. Boom, down. I want to explain to you guys something. You know, these market makers, what they do is when they see a lot of shorts getting opened, they might push the price. It's just what it is.

00:42:30
But not if you're educated by me. If you're doing it the MW style, they will not push it up. You know why? Because they can't liquidate you. So you're not interesting to them. You know, you'll get into the list of we can't beat this. Oh, I almost sweat again. We can't beat these freaks because these freaks are, you know. They're probably trained by me, yes they're trained by me, yes so you're not interested so they're there only looking for the ones that you know also some of you guys that maybe do follow me but you don't listen to me so you don't follow the rules of trading so when you don't follow the rules of trading they will start hunting you guys just or or just to you know stop hunt you or liquidate you whatever but you know what we do is we, we We make money over here.

00:43:23
We just make money over here. And we make a lot of money. And, you know, I tweeted about it today. I told you this is probably going to be another six-figure P &O in total. And, you know, the more they keep pushing up, the higher the amount of gains will be. And I know it sounds so crazy what I'm saying now. It was also sounding crazy when I told you about Anna. And it was also crazy when I told you about Bera. And it was also crazy when I told you about Fartcoin. It was also crazy when I told you about Notcoin. It was also crazy when I told you about WIF. It was also crazy when I told you about like a hundred others.

00:44:03
But show me one that didn't do exactly as I told you. So, yeah, so, you know. Whatever, so I really hope that they will get it over here, you know, let me let me show you guys a little bit; I mean, okay, a little bit of educational for you guys, okay? Let me show you guys a little bit of – I've seen this, you know. If I would open up a short over here, what do you think I'll do over here? Exactly. That's what I do. I take profits. Let me show you guys the one hour; look at this. Look at this. Look at this. So when we hit the zone over here, the first one. Because I called this before this zone was hit.

00:45:05
For the ones that are new here, this box was here before this was over here. So what do you think I'll do when we hit this one? When we come over here, exactly I take profits so when this thing hits what do you think I'll do over here? Exactly I take profits if this thing hits over here and it comes back to here, what do you think I'll do exactly? I take profits so when it goes back into here, what do you think I'll do exactly? I fill up again. This is how you do it, guys. You keep doing this. You have to have a long breath and you know a lot of people listen. Bro, if you wanna if you wanna change your life financially, you have to be patient, patient dedicate because at some point you'll get something like something like let me show you.

00:46:19
Let me show you. At some point, so you got something like boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You know, you know this eigen that I by the way, by the way, eigen. I also told you about eigen, I forgot to mention eigen. You know, I forget a lot of points that I called. But look at this boom, boom, boom, boom! You have to, you know, because this happened in one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, ten days, two three four weeks, a month, and then you see, you see what you just did, you see what you just did, you just destroyed eigen with almost 90 percent down from the top. So basically it's the same on this one, but you have to, you know, you have to have patience, wait for it, and you know, you can trade it in the meanwhile, since you know if they're planning on pumping this thing up maybe to 240, maybe even to three bucks, I don't care.

00:47:22
But you have to, in the meanwhile, you know, up back, take profits. Up, fill it up comes back, take profits, you even do it on the four-hour, four-hour, okay. We went up, okay, I'm filled over here; it comes back, take profits, comes up, down on one hour; I take some profits, so what? Why do I why do I tell you to take profits because it's not that you're gonna cash in those profits, no, those profits are only so if they will start romping it up again, so you can fill that same money and don't care about your red penalty even if you're red, so you're on a loss; it's an investment, you're investing, that's what you're doing. You have to see it as an investment because I already explained to you guys this.

00:48:13
The people who have been buying XRP, you know, the people who have been buying XRP, for example, over here, over here, and it came down, and they started buying over here, and then they bought a little bit over here, and then they bought a little bit over here. They are also in super red. And they are just waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, holding, hold, hold, hold, and then boom. And this is now when they are engaged and they can cash in. This is when you cash in. So you have to, you know, if you are not made for this, if you can't do this, if you're like, oh, I'm losing, oh, I'm losing $700. I'm losing, oh, I'm losing like $2,000. Oh, MW. Oh, I cannot sleep.

00:49:04
You know, I just can't sleep. Then trading is not made for you. Don't trade. Get out or you're oversizing yourself, that's also possible, but this is an investment; this is my girlfriend, this is my girlfriend and my girlfriend will make me very rich. You know I only got girlfriends that make me rich. You know now that's just what I have. I know how to choose my girlfriends; I know how to choose them. I'm not gonna take their money. But they are going to make me money. They're not going to take my money. No, they're going to make me money. Those are my girlfriends. I only choose the ones that are going to make me a lot of money. So let's see. Let's see how this thing is going to play.

00:49:57
Fart coin. Fart coin is just doing whatever it is to do. It's a fart coin. Yeah, I think I shorted this. Yeah, I shorted this crap around one buck. you know why not easy money you know that's far far from makes you money up and down yeah this decline of almost 20 percent easy money why not make the money up make the money down that's just how it works very simple so let me go barra barra okay we kill barra see what barra is doing whatever so we've got this move move what is move doing by the way guys this move you know this is the one that is getting bought up by you

00:50:37
know by the trump foundation but trump foundation is buying move so you cannot imagine how much do you know how many wrecked retailers are over here and over here you cannot imagine how much money they're losing well they chose to read the news and buy what they read on the news okay you do that i do this okay and then we got this awkwardness hitting some serious resistance over here Let me see ALK. ALK, ALK, ALK, ALK, ALK. ALK might be good for some. Let me see ALK. What is ALK? ALK. Is this $0 . 10? Yes. $0 . 10. What is ALK? Ooh. Nah. Nah. Nah. I'm not so interested in ALK, to be honest. What do I got? What do I got? I got this IP, whatever.

00:51:32
What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? Zilliqa. Zilliqa by the way, guys, Zilliqa, you know I was I was so shocked, you know why? You have to understand why I was shocked, you know. I've traded a lot of Zilliqa in previous cycles; I made a lot of money in Zilliqa, and you know the first time that I bought Zilliqa-uh, made a lot of money in Zilliqa. Let me just say this: it was at, uh, not over here, not over here, weekly I made a lot of money on Zilliqa around over here seven cents, yeah, it was over here, guys, I remember this very good around seven cents. You know, I bought it and I thought to myself, okay, you know, I'm gonna make some money; it was over here at 0. 007 cents-this is when I bought it.

00:52:43
Okay, so Zilliqa, I saw Zilliqa. And then, you know, and then I was eyeing the charts, and I saw, oh, Zilliqa! Zilliqa almost reached that seven cents again; it reached 0. 009. I thought, Zilliqa, well, Zilliqa. So, Zilliqa is also a coin to keep an eye on, guys. Uh, someone was also sharing with me this broccoli. Okay, so guys, you have to understand that if you're buying broccoli, broccoli wasn't even broccoli, there's a dog of CZ, yeah, I think that was the broccoli, so this was the dog of Czo, you know. All these Ponzi's, you know it's just then you got this Mubarak, same story also CZ related. CZ is really doing great; she's wrecking everyone, it's just wrecking everyone, and then we got uh swarms.

00:53:42
Okay, so basically, we got I got also a question about my altcoins, and these were the previous altcoins, so uh someone's asking me, listen, Mw, what happened to these? Let me show you; let me show you. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you open the list and I'm going to my altcoins. I know that you guys, you know, the old altcoins don't stop, but you know, you know. For the ones that have been focusing on my past streams, past weeks, months, I told you that I'm flipping the narrative from, you know, from the really old gang coins to meme coins, AI agents. So that's when, you know, when I flipped and I told you, no, I'm not forgetting about my altcoins. So whatever, it's 10, 20%, but most of my portfolio will be focused on Fartcoin.

00:54:30
On Sbx Giga, etc etc., I explained this in several, several, a lot of lives so if you are still stuck in that old narrative or whatever, fine by me, you should do whatever it is that you want to do but um, it's not that I'm not buying them, I'm buying them; I bought several of them at the previous dump last time. But you know my focus is more on this new narrative where the money is flowing so should you so Cody for example, Cody, do the math, I'm buying, I'm buying, getting filled, buying so uh and then you got this Cello I haven't been buying some Cello by the way uh, Cello is losing a lot of a lot of I haven't talked about Cello let me say so Cello is also one that I'm very interested in by the way I haven't bought it at the previous dump, by the way.

00:55:28
So I will update you guys about JLO because I'm still bullish on JLO. Flux, I talked about Flux several times. Oh, nice, nice, nice. Flux, I've got a field on Flux. I already explained that to you. Also, how much gains did that make? I think I made a decent amount of money on Flux. 30% bounce. Nice. So, VeChain, for example, also VeChain, same story, guys. You know, it was always here. I told you, I'm buying, I'm buying, I buy, I buy, I buy. A bounce of 40% almost. Just saying, near. I didn't get filled on near, but, you know, I don't care. I think I got filled on GMI. Linky link, I got a field; I'm gonna feel very hard by the way, very big bag, I'm gonna probably cash in some of it tonight, tomorrow morning, also 40%.

00:56:36
You see guys, it's all for the Forbes; is a lot of money, and then we got oh, by the way. I saw; I think I saw the Trump foundation, Trump foundation was was by the way talking about buying. Say you know what I think? I'm going to be straightforward with you guys. This is what I think. You guys want me to be honest, right? I'm going to be really straightforward with you guys. Oh, the Munchaft is still on the screen. Why? Why? Why? Why? So, listen, guys. say is by the way into the buying zone so first of that but you know i think i think that the trump foundation is the new shilling machine so you got this solana gang that has been ruling the the the shilling machines and the shillings past decade and now i think that the trump foundation wants to be the new shilling machine so they decide you know what okay

00:57:48
we're gonna suck in some liquidity on these coins sucking some liquidity on those coins etc and i also think that the coming weeks months i think that the biggest famous crypto accounts will get bought up by the by the trump foundation i just say what i'm thinking but i'm checking it on daily basis so when they do i'll be the first one to update you guys but so they they you know they announced they were buying some say and say is really a pretty good levels to buy by the way so great uh let me go to tau oh nice bounce down nice bounce nice nice oh this is so nice that has been oh this is a nice one oh almost 60 on top great great great so by the way but you know i already said this you know if you want to buy tau you buy it over here

00:58:45
you don't see beautiful this is where you buy tau no i think i said it i think i said it into details guys i'm only buying tower around 165. i think i said it oh my god if someone would just go through my live streams go through my predictions and you know if they would record everything and you know edit it uh oh it would you will be mind blown uh so um yes so uh next one next one no i think that's about that guys i think it's enough for it i think it's enough for for today guys my neck is already hurting me you guys have no clue how uh how how much i love you guys for doing this uh so uh let me see do i have do i have something in the chat um

00:59:49
yeah they uh help him and then you open up another exchange listen bro uh you have to see it like this uh we trade uh these layer coins and these whatever coins on three exchanges i don't have to tell you what exchanges weeks layer and uh weeks later we speak to next clothing so uh when you see that just just just just flip uh uh with decent support would it have a bounce yeah it should have a bounce at this level but you know It's very simple that the narratives are telling us otherwise. But, you know, we don't care about narratives. We care about the charts. So I'm prepared for the DXY to bounce. That's why I'm also telling you, if the markets will open at these levels, you know, every push from there is, in my opinion, a short opportunity.

01:00:36
That's what I'm preparing for. Dutch afternoon cancelled. I told you already, guys, you know, why don't you just listen? Listen! I tweeted about this. You know, I told you the Dutch afternoon, we got Trumpy backing down from China. So the narrative is a little bit pushing into the longs. And also, I've been telling you, focus on longs. So when I'm saying focus on longs, do you expect that the Dutch afternoon will happen? It could happen, but I think the chances are very low. The probabilities are very low. So I'm not prepared for it. So I'm not going to trade it. It's that simple. What about Europe stocks? They bounced very strong, bro. They bounced very strong. It's just they fall over. Let me show you. Let me show you.

01:01:24
Pull this top, by the way, also beautifully. And you're seeing over here, this is that bounce. But, you know, it's the same story just like the US 500. It's not the great reset. Well, the great reset will come when you don't expect it, Alana. So for now, it's just following whatever the markets are giving us. making the money and when we go into a narrative that's when you know that's when we'll get it um let's see let's see let's see let's see what do i got what do i got what i got okay so that's about that guys i love you thanks all for joining in um i hope you guys learned something make some freaking money use the damn indicator by the way guys the indicator is not something you can get now um i've gotten a new

01:02:12
proposition for the ones i i think most of you guys already have but for the ones that don't have it now there will be something new coming up into the into the into the link tree where you can donate and you can get the indicator immediately so it's you know you know it's like i think now one year that people are asking mw please just you know Put a donation number on it and just let us get it immediately. And so we can build up our volume so we can join the free trading course vids. But there is a lot that's going on in my life at this moment. So a lot of changes were growing and there is a lot of new things. Also the beginners course.

01:02:59
There's also something else running at the sidelines. There are also some know i cannot say too much about it but you know thank you all for watching and just be prepared for market open be prepared for the dxy and you know uh i told you we are hitting we are reaching levels when where i will flip bearish again so only a little bit more pushy up my markets are futures open and you know i'll start preparing myself again and for now i'm just enjoying the bounces on the logs and i'm enjoying my girlfriend my baby layer making something now i already made a lot of money on it by the way past days but you know i think this is nothing i think that the big big big jackpot is coming coming coming week coming days i don't care an investment and i'm making a lot of money in the meanwhile until the big dump comes have a nice one thanks for watching by the way i'll be updating you guys uh on twitter if i'm seeing some nice setups i will also updating on telegram or on patreon if i'm seeing some Opportunities have a nice one; thanks for watching.