*** Live Stream 04-16-2025 Why Korean Traders Are Moving the Altcoin Market (And How to Ride the Wave) *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, and welcome again to the Crypto. Welcome RitaFam, RitaFam, welcome, welcome, welcome. Salsra is with us in full force, in full force. She has been sleeping a lot, she told me, so, so. Welcome, welcome Salsra, and welcome RitaFam. korea it's all about korea today so uh what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna give you guys some music and after the music we're gonna dive you're gonna talk about the koreans it's all about the koreans today how they're impacting the the the crypto market out there bumping a lot of altcoins how krw is also ramping up altcoins so this is super bullish by the way for several altcoins and it's also the reason why it's so important that we keep I know I already shared this like I think a few weeks ago I told you the focus is all on freaking Korea and you know Argo we had just some news that it's also going to get listed on Binance first of all I don't even understand why Argo wasn't

00:01:00
already listed like ages ago on on binance because argo is in my opinion just a solid project you know they do whatever it is that they do just like silica just like beach and etc etc and it was a low market cap and you know the push is coming in and you know it's you guys know how it works it's just one big ponzi you know they'll ramp It's up and then they're gonna dump it down so uh we're now in the pumping phase and we're gonna talk about uh how to read them, how to find them, what to do, what not to do, let the music run.

00:02:49
Thank you.

00:03:29
okay okay thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much thank you so much. Do I got? We got we got Dabrick, Daniel Francis Lucas Salman Nicholas Ashton B, Pep straight up Nicholas Pedro Abracadabra Crypto Fury; we got Alpiman, we got uh Andrea, we got Scott Kieran Kira Chrisley, Scott Matija; we got Rob Irfan Jerry, we got Mark in the house. We got Benjamin. We got John Doe and Lena. We got Rack and Mama Dolly. Psycho. Psycho and Lars are over here also. Welcome, welcome, welcome. So before we're going to talk about whatever it is that we're going to talk about, we first have to watch the markets and see. So first of all, guys, I know, I know. You know, it's very simple. I know that you guys hate me.

00:04:22
And it's not only you that hate me because yesterday I've been receiving some, you know, some hate uh DMS not from retailers but from some content creators uh Onyx uh there were two of them by the way. So basically what they told me is: 'We love you they told me, 'Mw we really, really love you and why do you love me? We love you because you are about the best, you know, whatever it is that you're doing, you're doing it. The only problem that you have is that you don't own the marketing machine. I told them I know that already. So what's the message? What do you want from me? So they told me: 'Can you please stop harassing us?' Can you please stop calling us names?

00:05:02
Can you please stop calling us scammers? Can you please stop calling us shillers? Can you please stop whatever? And I told them, listen, I only point out the facts. And I give sometimes my opinions when they are not facts. And I rarely use names. But sometimes you know when there are things I say names and they told me, okay please stop doing that why uh because you just you know you know uh whatever do whatever it is I told them, listen bro let me tell you this I'm a nobody's paywall I do my thing just like I've always been doing it so if you guys can stop doing you know things like buy eth now I'll stop doing whatever it is that I'm doing so because you're wrecking people and you all know how you're doing it so, that was the first story, second story.

00:05:49
So basically, I told you guys I was, you know, I was bullish. Yes, I was bullish. I was bullish. And then I flipped bearish on the short term. And then also, you got these cockroaches. You got these retailers. This is why I'm bearish. So this is why I'm bearish. You know, instead of telling me, thank you, MW. Thank you so much for saving my ass again and again. And again, and again, thank you, MW, for making me money. Thank you. So these people that even are in this live stream, they tell me, why are you telling us that you're taking profits and that you're flipping short? Why? Well, this is why. Did you see me getting it wrong? No. Look, this is why. Are you seeing this? Are you seeing this?

00:06:45
You know, I'm a trader. I'm no investor. I'm not you know whatever it is you want to call me, I'm a trader, and I'm not an amateur trader. I'm not a wannabe trader. I'm not a shilling trader. I'm not the paid trader. I'm a trader; I'm a professional trader, and I don't only trade this crap. I will trade everything in the world that's what I do for a living, that's who I am. You know, nobody gave me a bag of money and told me, 'Listen, MW, come, OK,' you know, let me take you to some fancy school and we're going to, you know, we're going to teach you how you're going to make money. No, I didn't go to any economic school. No, nobody gave me a bag of money.

00:07:23
You know, it was just with my own hard-earned money that I made and I invested it and I traded with it day by day. And that's how I become successful. Nobody has been holding my hand. Nobody has been making my life easy. In the contrary. people always making my life you know hard and difficult and they wanted to you know they they were always planning on you know we have to destroy these guys this guy may not be exposed despite me this guy may not do whatever it is that he's doing so i worked very hard i worked hard for like you know for a little like i told you this already like 16 17 18 19 hours a day i'm behind the screen doing my research doing training myself and breaking the code That's what I did.

00:08:04
And I'm successful now. And now these people come to me asking me, MW, can you stop doing this? I don't give a crap about any. You know, the only people that I care about are the ones that you're targeting. So, yes, I will keep remaining doing whatever it is that I'm doing. But I do agree with a lot of people. And, you know, I've gotten some, you know, three people, not a lot, three people. They told me, MW, please, please, please. Can you please don't swear? Too much. And, you know, I know that most retail firm members, they don't care if I swear because they just love whatever it is I'm doing. And they love the passion and they love just, you know, they got me. That's just who I am.

00:08:48
But I get it. I get it. So I appreciate the feedback. And, you know, I will try to not swear. And, you know, what I'm going to do is this. So I'm going to put 500 bucks every time I make a live stream and, you know, without swearing. So this will motivate me. So because I just don't want to swear. I'm going to be super honest with you guys. And the only reason why I swear is sometimes I get a little bit emotional. And, you know, when I see that people, you know, are getting it wrong, people are wrecking people, people are scamming people, paid shields are out there, retailers are going to get wrecked. Because you have to understand that I see things before they happen. I see things before they happen.

00:09:27
And, you know, because I see that. I get emotional. So a lot of people, they don't understand that I get emotional because what's going on with MW? Why is he getting so emotional? Because you guys are not seeing what I'm seeing. Because I already see that someone's going to get wrecked. I can see it from now. You know, based on his comment, based on what he's saying, I know, but this guy's in six, seven days wrecked. I know it already. So, but I promise you, and this is really, really a promise from my side. i promise i will do whatever it takes i will stop swearing and i will stop also start trying to

00:10:05
you know to get these streams a little bit more professional you know to get it a little bit you know by the way i'm gonna do the market of this on the opiate channel soon so it will be you guys are gonna see a little bit more correct a little bit more correct i know that you guys will probably say oh don't do it i have to do it guys it's just what it is so um and let me get back so you know yes so oh mw is bearish yes well this is the result are you seeing this because you know i said it already on my twitter page you can only judge me if i get it wrong so for the ones from the retail fair members that Were you know getting angry at me, I don't know why you're getting angry at me, it's like I'm on your payroll or you know you owe me something, whatever it's in the contrary, I'm making you money.

00:10:54
You know, just to think about it, someone, yeah, buy now. Yeah, yeah. I will not tell you about it, Buy now. But I bought with you. Okay, so, well, I'm in 60% profits. Okay, well, good for you. But I'm still angry at you. Why? Because 60, you know, it's not enough for me. I want more. You know, don't say that you take profits. Let it run. Okay. And now you're 10%, 20%, 30% down. Because why? Because the greed was talking to you. I'm a trader. This is what I do for a living. I kneel. I kneel. This is what I do. I kneel the bottoms and the tops. That's what I do. That's why most of you guys are with me. That's why you're following me. That's what makes you money.

00:11:36
That's the difference between being successful and a loser. It's when you can time the markets. It's all about timing. It's all about-if someone, and I'm talking about really someone who does research on my Twitter page and on my YouTube channel, if you would calculate how many times I knew in time, markets, there's nobody in the world that does like me. Nobody. And this is a fact. This isn't because, or maybe there is someone that is hidden somewhere I didn't see. So, to get back over here. So congrats for those, you know. I shared some shorts. Those shorts have been printing like crazy. A lot of money is made. So let's see what's going on now. So now what I'm seeing, this one, guys, I told you it's all about this one.

00:12:26
I've been saying this over and over again. It's all about this one. It's not that I'm just making predictions. I'm explaining to you guys how to make your own predictions. So this thing is holding for now so we had this rise up, this created a little bit of that red that I predicted, but it's it's it's now it's it's coming down again and you know and the markets are still dumping so it's it's you know the markets are not liking this, so what I want is to have this thing to go to this indicator, you know, I want this thing to rise up to the indicator just like you know you see like this one, Like this one went up from here to the indicator, You see the dump and then indicator.

00:13:03
I want the same for this one to happen, because this will create a little bit of momentum for the bulls, this will create for us a little bit of momentum to make sick money. And I'm going to show you in a moment about the Koreans, how we're going to make that money. Just wait for it. Just wait for it. Guys, this is the best you can get in crypto. You know, it's the best. And by the way, guys, before we started this live stream, I received a DM from the Korean, one of the Koreans. He told me, please, just don't. I told him, listen, bro, you're my friends. You guys are my friends. So I will never, never expose someone that didn't hurt me or didn't.

00:13:43
No, I'm just going to talk openly what's going on in crypto. Because it's also very remarkable. That I'm not seeing oh by the way I'm not following them so if you guys are following let me know but why are all these you know so-called shillers crypto content creators not talking about the Koreans I already told you, told you like uh what is it two three four weeks ago I told you listen guys it's all about the Koreans it's all about the Koreans they are pumping okay we've got also the syndicate pumping some coins no syndicate so for now crypto what is crypto the world of crypto is now based on. So we got Koreans, and we got the syndicate. That's it. That's crypto now. So this is also why I was yesterday.

00:14:34
Where is my Twitter account? Do I have my Twitter account over here? So I got my Twitter. It's a little bit small, so I don't know if you guys can see it. But, you know, I've been saying crypto. By the way, guys, a shout-out to Salsa for making this. Thank you so much. This is, you should listen to this. If you're in the car doing whatever it is you're doing, just listen to this. So, I can talk about this. I can talk about a lot. This, listen, these are the shorts. You know, I'm just saying, you know, we're going to talk about layer in a moment. Let me see. Let me see. Where was it? Where was it? Yeah, over here. This is it. This is the end. This was the end.

00:15:14
And this is, guys, this is so important for you guys. You know, I can repeat myself by saying, just listen, listen, listen. Listen, let me end by saying this. If you're wasting time on Facebook, if you, you know, I get it. I get it because I've been there where you guys are. I know it's very entertaining and you just, you know, although that they wreck you, they kill you, they lie to you, they scam you, they dump on you. You keep following them. I get it. You know, do you think that I don't get it? I get it. But this is my warning to you. This is how I want to wake you up. When you are watching these guys, I already said this before, they will; you don't even; you don’t; you know, if you are strong, just like I am, you’re successful, you’re doing whatever you can breathe.

00:16:01
Okay. You’re, you know, you’re immune to greed and to emotions. Okay. Just follow, watch them if that's what you like. But let me tell you this, they are the obstacle to your progression, to your. Uh, to your to your uh progression in in educating in learning, because why you're wasting time, you're wasting your there's nothing they can tell you or show. Listen, it's not about me; you can unfollow me right now just go follow anyone that is you know that doing it the right way. But let me tell you this: these guys there is nothing they can tell you that will make you money, nothing and really, nothing by nothing, I mean nothing, because why in the past, you know, before I blocked all of them, I watched them, you know, why?

00:16:53
I watch them because I'm a trader; because what I did was this: they had an impact on the market. So when for example one of them would say, 'Hey, he's by the way, he's getting wow when he was getting paid to show some point, so when he did that as a trader, what we did in the past together me and the team, and I can tell you, we made so much money with that; you cannot imagine what we did. The moment that they shielded what we did is – we market bought into the coin and we dumped at the same time, so the dump happened before because what happened, you know? You have to see it like this: so the ones that that that are paying for this, what they do is they hire these people.

00:17:36
These people, they shill it. Then it goes up. But the same people that paid the ones to shill it, they are already having their sell orders ready because they are going to dump. So I'm not even saying that, you know, the shiller is dumping. It doesn't matter who's dumping. If he's dumping it or the ones that paid him to shill it, it's going to. They are going to dump it on you. So, well, you know, while the buy, while people, the followers start buying, the other ones, they don't. So what we did, we did the same. What we did was just wait. Okay. He shielded. And then, you know, we market-bought in because we couldn't-we couldn't buy because we don't know what he's going to shield.

00:18:16
So we couldn't, you know, the other ones that are paying, they already bought in before he's going to shield it. But we couldn't do that. So what we did. we bought in you know we went into some crazy high internet speed so we were very fast so we were the foot because on youtube you've got a lot of you know you've got like this two three percent of of you know three two three percent of of delay a lot of people we we didn't have we calculated that in we had you know we had the best stream you know so we heard the coin like one two or three percent before most of the people did and you know that's what we did so

00:18:54
and then and then we market bought in you know a lot and you know at the same time when the people started buying and then the price goes up sometimes 10 20 30 but if you do that on a 30x 40x and you dump it market at the same time because there are enough buyers out there and then you see the price coming down so we did this like you know we did this like um uh i'm not gonna call names so we did it with like four or five accounts and we did it on daily basis So this was the crazy time in crypto where You could really, it's that simple. You have smart money, you have dumb money. Don't be dumb money, please, guys. Because, you know, it's not happening now.

00:19:32
So when it happened, so, you know, the only reason why we watch these accounts was because they had an impact. They don't have that impact anymore. And, you know, you've got also more like, you know, like Zach and et cetera. They're always, you know, watching these guys. So, you don't have, they don't have this impact anymore. So, while they don't have the impact. They're worth nothing to me, but why would I watch them? What are they gonna tell me that I don't know already? It's it's it's just that simple. So, uh, it's it's it's really guys, that's why I'm telling you. Crypto is a dark, it's really as dark as it gets. You guys have no that's why.

00:20:12
Also, uh, some people who know me from the past while I was trading, I did some sick things in my crypto, but I never ever ever ever uh hurt any of the retailers. I was always fighting with the wheels and the scammers and trying to wreck them, and to fight against them. That's the big difference between me and them, and you know. But I did some sick things. So this is what I just explained, you know? What I just told you is just this is just a small thing for many things that I did. That's that's why um when you follow me I'm only focused on making money. You know, I'm always looking to break the code, to break the system, to find an entry, to see, you know, I need to find the structure.

00:21:01
What's going on? You know, just like we did, just like we did on, for example, by analyzing the US 500, just like we're doing on analyzing Bitcoin, just like we're doing analyzing the DXY. Do you think that I like it to watch the DXY? Well, okay. Let's go sit and watch a DXY or whatever. No, because why am I focusing? If you see me giving something a lot of time, know that this chart is going to make me a lot of money. Otherwise, I wouldn't chart it. I'm not charting DXY because I like it. DXY is one of the most boring charts to watch.

00:21:42
yeah i mean you definitely if you don't know what you're doing in crypto and especially if you are following certain accounts uh these guys are killers these guys destroy you if you don't know what you're doing bro it's you know if you don't know what you're doing they destroy and they will still destroy till the day of the day they're still doing the same they're just doing it a little bit differently now but you know to be honest i'm going to be super honest with you guys you know i don't watch one second of anyone out there i don't because i just don't own the time to do so i'm so focused on my own job on my own work on my own you know what are they gonna show or tell me what i don't know already you know maybe but but again i see things differently from you guys you guys have to find out

00:22:35
maybe maybe it's good you just keep following those guys you're gonna get wrecked wrecked this is you know remember when i told you i can see things happening from now this is one of them you're gonna get wrecked or maybe most of you guys are already wrecked by them but some still keep going on you know okay they wreck me one two three four you know it's just like it's Just like you know, I can give you guys a very short example then we're gonna go back to the charts but but this is very important for me because This is how I can get to your minds. Because you guys are like hypnotized. But I need a way to get you out of that hypnotized. So let me tell you this.

00:23:09
How many of these accounts released meme coins? Their own meme coins. How many? A lot of them. Where are those meme coins now? They all went to zero. So you're wrecked. That's number one. Let me go a little bit before it. You got the NFTs, you got a lot of accounts selling whatever NFT out there, where are those NFTs now? Same story, zero, before that cycle we had the gaming coins, everyone gaming this and you know partnerships and everyone's okay, we're connected to this and that, and this gaming coin is going to, you know, it's got utility. Everyone in the world is going to play it. It's going to be the new early birds, whatever bird out there. And, you know, you're going to get rich. Where are those gaming coins now?

00:23:57
Zero. There was only one person that was warning you about this past decade, past years. It was me. Me. And why? Because. I know how crypto works. I know what happens behind the scenes. I know who these guys are. I know how they think. I know who's paying them. I know what they're saying and when they're saying it and why they're saying it. I know it. I'm the only, not swear, MW, don't swear. I'm the only one that is trying to explain you that. I'm the only one trying to teach you. I'm the only one trying so when they are talking that you at least understand what they're saying. So it was just like on the financial markets that I tweeted about. Every time when they release something, I give you the truth behind it.

00:24:46
I give you, you know, I give you my glasses. This is how you have to see that. Oh, you know, oh, that's bullish. No, no, no. Put on my glasses. Oh, that's the real story behind it. That's how you have to see it. You know, that's my talent. That's what I do. That's how I make money. That's how I make a living. You just have to listen. Enough about that. Enough about that. You know, you know, I can, you know, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I know for sure that Helena or Salsa will make another, another, another, another, another, another, another nice short video about what, about this past 10 minutes or 20 minutes. I know.

00:25:23
And, you know, but, you know, you have to keep in mind, you have to keep in mind that, that, that no matter how many of you guys. Are you aware that they are sharing reposting this this is post and you know these warnings for my side? You have to keep in mind that they will do whatever it is to silence me so also X, they ghost my posts; they make sure whatever it is just as you know. But you know we are now you know I discussed this today. We are now going to take things a step further because maybe if X is, if Grok is that great in blocking my posts everywhere, giving them exposure. So we got to use now other platforms. We need to get onto Instagram.

00:26:09
We need to get on TikTok. We need to get on, you know, YouTube shorts. We need to get on whatever it is, Telegram groups. We need to get into Discord groups. We need to get into a lot of stuff. to grow the retail fam and to get bigger so uh so the dxy by the way guys this is just ranging over here so this is uh this is important level this is the make or break but you know for me for me i want this thing to get back i don't know gonna take maybe two days three days four days a week i don't care i want this thing to get back into the indicator so that's about that and this one you know um

00:26:44
over here where's my indicator why is it not on the screen oh there it is so this one is just you know we had hit one one two three and that's how we gonna we are making money this is you know do you think that there is any account out there doesn't matter if it's dr loss or doctor whoever it is do you think that anyone gives you this alpha short over here long over here take profits over here short again over here do you think that there is anyone telling you this I don't think so. So let me get to the next one. Let me go to Bitcoin. Bitcoin for now, look at this, guys. Look at this, guys. Look at this. So we broke. Look at these candles.

00:27:21
This is just, you see these candles. By the way, Bitcoin is above the Indies, so we're still finding momentum over here. But, you know, these rejections that you're seeing over here, this is just Wall Street pushing the price down. You know, I've got another theory about Bitcoin. I know that you guys like this theory of mine. I know, I know, I know that you guys. You know, you like my theories, you know. I know. I'm crazy. So, China is doing business with Russia and using Bitcoin or crypto or whatever. Let's say that they are using Bitcoin. I know. Is that bullish or bearish?

00:28:05
Let me tell you how I see it. If I knew, if I was Trump, And I saw that, you know, that Russia and China are using Bitcoin to do business together on the blockchain. If I was Trump, I would make sure that I would destroy that blockchain and destroy that Bitcoin. Because why? Because the number one currency in the world is the DXY, is the used dollar. So we know that the BRICS is coming and the BRICS is doing whatever it is. Do you really think I think that Trump, whatever it is that he's planning, whatever it is that they're doing, whatever it is that they are, whatever. The big plan is we need to save the US dollar. The US dollar needs to keep its domination in the world.

00:28:53
So if Bitcoin is a danger to the US dollar, Trump will make sure that he will attack Bitcoin. He owns a lot of Bitcoin at this moment, Mr. Trump. And you know, and then you guys will read like, oh, well, he's going to make a reserve. Let's go to the moon. And then you dump 90% on your alcohol. But that's, you know, that's, again, how you got your glasses. I've got my glasses. You know, you've got your glasses. I've got my glasses. You see, okay, Trump's going to make a reserve, so we're going to go all in. And I've got my glasses. Okay, I'm going to open up my short ETF here. That's how I see things. That's how you see things, how I see things. It's just different.

00:29:30
It's not the same. So, in my opinion, this China and Russia using Bitcoin to do business together is super bearish because this is forcing the USA to attack. And let me tell you, I've said this already because China also owns a lot of Bitcoin, by the way. But let me tell you this, guys. I think that the ones that are ruling the Bitcoin price is not China or Russia. It's the USA. usa rules the bitcoin price and you know the only thing that i can say i already said this this is very important i'm saying now our only hope that you know that we're gonna get a lot of altcoin bull runs that we're gonna make life-changing money on altcoins don't rely on usa will not happen the usa will don't happen they will not give you the outcome rallies they will not give you the The life changing money.

00:30:32
It's not going to happen for me. You can hear all crypto being the new capital. We've got to make it. Okay, you believe that crap. I don't believe that crap. China is the only one. China. China is the only one. If China would open up its markets, crypto. OK, the alarm goes off. You see, I say 'I say' China and then the alarm goes off. Crazy, these guys! So, listen, guys, so China, if China would open up crypto for it, because you have to see like this: we are going to talk now about about about the Koreans, only a group of Koreans. They are pumping several altcoins into whatever and let me tell you, this Korean is degens and you know they are gamblers; they like to go, you know, a Korean can go on some some some shit coin, he can go all in, he can risk his all, You know, all the money that he owns in his whole life, he can risk it on one outcome.

00:31:30
Because these guys, they've got this, you know; they've got this, you know, they've got this, they've got this. It's this gamble addiction. It's just what they are. Imagine, because the Chinese are worse than the Koreans. Because the Koreans learned this from the Chinese. The Koreans are, you know, the Koreans are just 10, 20% from how the Chinese are. So just imagine, imagine that Mr. Xi will open up the altcoin market for his citizens, for China. Just imagine, imagine that will, you know, the first coin that I will go all in on is VeChain. I love VeChain, by the way. If he would do that, I would go all in on VeChain. Let's go. And, you know, you have to see it like this. China is not the same as America.

00:32:28
You know, in the U. S. A., they tell you A and they do B. They tell you B, they do C. They tell you C and then they do D. China is not like that. China, if they tell you A, you can go with A. You know, let's go with A. That's the big difference. If China will tell you A, just go with A. They don't. have often these hidden agendas just like you know the west and europe and and america has and listen guys i'm not here to talk politics you know i don't give a freak uh i'm not sorry i don't give a crap about you know china west east i don't you know that's not my place my place is read markets that's my thing so uh so uh about that so we got uh dominance by the way guys look at this okay enough enough it's about koreans

00:33:17
koreans who are you come over here koreans so first of all i showed you guys this point look at this guys look at this so uh basically this thing uh uh i got a dm from one of the retail members he he told me about he told me listen i'm w listen this thing is uh you know uh the koreans are on it so first of all yes yes you gotta you know you guys are over Here I'm going to teach you guys how you can find out uh if it's the Koreans that are pumping something. It's very simple; it's no science-you just have to know it, so I'm going to show you now. That's why I opened up my Safari page, I'm going to show you now how you can know if a coin is you know getting pumped by the Korean, so very simple.

00:34:03
So what you do is you go over here to Coin Market Cap, uh let me use Argos over here for example. So you go over there, everyone has got Core Market Cap by the way, so you just go and click on it. So when you click on it, if you are doing it on your mobile device, you'll see markets. You can click on markets, then you get this one. So then you go to volume, you go to volume, not just the percentage, this volume 24 hours, click on it. And then it will show you, it will rank it from the biggest, you know, the highest volume. So the volume is 60% of Argo. It's against this Korean currency.

00:34:44
60 percent is coming from a bit so this is how you can recognize this is how you can recognize this is how you can recognize if the Koreans are pumping something because I'm I can show you for example another call for example layer, layer if we go to layer look at layer who's pumping layer it's very simple also over here volume click on it boom 30 it's layered KRW. So it's, you know, Upbit is a Korean exchange, and they are, you know, there are big groups of Koreans together. It's just like on Bitfinex. There are big groups, but they are degens. So they are, you know, it's at this moment what we are getting is this. Altcoins that are really pumping making like 5Xs, 10Xs out of nothing it's either the Koreans or we got the syndicate.

00:35:40
So it's the syndicate. All right so. At this moment if you are bullish on crypto you shouldn't be bullish on crypto because there is no money flowing into crypto. We just got these two groups. We got the Koreans and then we got the syndicate. These are the only two in the world pumping altcoins at this moment. There's nobody else. But that's very logical because the real big money, the biggest money that is the biggest money that will pump a lot of altcoins. And, you know, that in combination with the syndicate and the Koreans could be explosive. Those are these ones, you know, these ones that are waiting for dominance to top out. And that's why you get this, you know, when Bitcoin starts flipping into altcoins. That's why you get the biggest, biggest gates.

00:36:25
But for now, for now, we got the Koreans and the syndicate there. Oh, this thing hits the 72. Oh, this is really massive. This is really massive. So look at this thing, how it's ramping up. So Argo, if you know, this thing keeps going up. By the way, guys, I think that Binance is listing this thing. So let me get back to my story. first of all i was you know i was talking with with salsa about this before the stream was you know you know i was talking about it and she told me wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute she told me uh let me let me first of all tell me what uh tell you what i told her i told her listen listen um uh argo you know while one of the read phone numbers they dm me that the corners are pumping it the first thing you know i thought to myself okay wait a minute

00:37:19
is this thing available in binance it wasn't so when it when a coin is not on binance so you have to be very careful because this coin could pump very hard so um social did you want to say something yeah it's like it's gonna list gonna be listed in about one and a half hours trading on binance so so basically okay thank you so much so it's got to be listed you know in an hour two hours or whatever so they are pumping it now you know this is just that listing pumps But let me tell you this, these Koreans have been pumping this Argo for, you know, maybe even together with the Chinese. But it's Upbit that is, so Upbit is the Korean one, so the Koreans are pumping this thing.

00:38:03
You see, look, Argo, you know, over here, volume. So there you are. There it is. 60% of the volume is on. Is on Argo so guys again and again and again be very careful and you know but now comes the thing okay, I'm okay. How are we gonna make money? So when you're gonna make money, I'm gonna show you how to make money because now, okay enough, enough, enough, I'll now you have to show us how we gotta make money because we wanna make money. I'm gonna show you how to make money; I'm gonna show you exactly how you're gonna make money. So first of all, what you need to do is this: if a coin is if a coin is um. So, like, you're going to see that the volume hits it.

00:38:51
That's the first thing. And then you're going to see, for example, you can see it a lot of times on these ones. Let me put it; I don't think that Argo, Argo. Here's Argo on the second page. So you can put it on an hour when you see, like, big bumps, you know, like now. You see, Argo just made 30% in an hour. It's crazy; it's madness in an hour, this thing. But this is just Koreans doing this. But how are we going to benefit from this? So what you have to do is. Because Argo has been pumping for example from these zones already so this by the way guys Argo made almost a 15x in what is it in a week that's crazy money guys that's really sick money but so first of all what you're gonna do is when you see the volume hidden So, and you think, okay, wait a minute.

00:39:38
Okay, you go into CoinMarket, you've got to check, okay, it's the Koreans. Okay, when you know it's the Koreans, you know that the price could pump up very hard because these Koreans, they are really, these guys are really degents. These guys can pump this price up very hard. And that's how you can make the 10x, 20x only on a spot bet. But now comes the thing, but you know, they could also dump on me. No, they cannot dump on you. You know why they can dump on you? This is it, ta-da, because you got the MW indicator. Because the Koreans respect my indicator. They respect it. That's what they do. They respect my indicator. So as you guys can see over here, this is when it happened. Bang. Back. Okay.

00:40:13
Rump up. Back. Rump up. And then it never came back again. Yeah, this one came a little bit close. But you can also trade it under one hour. Look at the one hour. This is madness, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Rump up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Over here, this is coming up and up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. Even over here. Up. And then, because this what you see a lot of times, you see this like this: scammy down, up, and then they hold it above the indicator, and then and then they're romping up again. Also, over here, by the way, it's the same story, because over here, over up, up, back, back, up, back, back, up, so basically what you need to do is this: what you need to do is this.

00:40:48
First of all, what you need to do, you need to find these coins that are you know um by the Koreans. Well, we are here, Salsa is here, and we got retail phone members over here. So when we see this happen, when we see this happen, we will inform you. Okay, uh, most of the times what you're gonna see is this: so uh you. you're gonna see you're gonna see like uh you're gonna see you're gonna see uh you're gonna see uh the name of the coin and then you see the Korean flag, so when you see the name of the coin with the Korean flag, you know, okay, it's time for me to go hit in. And by the way, how you can also...

00:41:24
I don't know if Samsung wants to do this, but um. When we do our top 10 altcoins on volume, we might add to them a Korean flag behind the ones that are getting traded on, are getting pumped by a bit. Yes. So you can get that also. And when you do that, forget about your wife, forget about your girlfriend, forget about your husband, forget about your friend, forget about your dog, forget about your pet. I don't care who it is. Forget about it. Your best friend is the indicator. the indicator you just need just put it on the screen put on your trading platform you got you got like maybe you got like two screens or you got on your phone put on blowfin or b2 next okay let's go okay put on the indicator where are we okay the volume update is on okay let's go okay is it above it okay let's go because you know that the movement it will move but you have to you have to be

00:42:18
on the screens because they can dump it very fast also so don't go risk and stop losses will not help you a lot when they dump it very fast so you have to always keep in mind that when they dump it they will probably romp it up again that's just what they do but this is in the in the bullish case there's also a bearish case just like for example bera was also one of those bera bera you know bera was one of those korean coins you know they because you see this They will hit the reverse button. I know that they're going to do it. And they're going to make sick money. And the thing is with these upbeat guys, when they push the reverse button, they push it together.

00:43:02
They got to push this coin. When they do it, they do it together. So it's just one group. It's just one group. They play. When they play, they play together. So this is something to keep in mind. So, so, what did we learn today? We have to keep an eye on the coins that are up at on high volume, so you can also do your own research on that way, you don't need us, uh, just go look for the coins that are getting you know, can follow them also on Twitter, but you have to look for the coins that are getting you know, when you see the height, for example, when you see the high volume points, you guys can go check for yourself, just go to CryptoOver Here, okay?

00:43:37
We've got one GTC inside, we've got to turn, okay, let me check them one by one, which one is uh getting pumped by a bit because when you see a bit and you see that you see that it's it's trading against key way, you know that those digits will probably gonna pump it up. So that's about that. Let me see. Also, there was something with the syndicate. Syndicate is very simple. Syndicate has got its own coins. For me, the ones that are worth watching is Giga and SPX. So let me give a shout out to myself for calling this top again. It's madness, I know that's just what I do. So from the moment I told you, OK, guys, it's time to take profits, since then, the syndicate.

00:44:20
Uh, you know maybe the syndicate just listens to me also you know they are just like you know and W says it's time to dump okay maybe maybe maybe the syndicates are my friends maybe I don't I don't know maybe they are maybe they are I don't know but you know I know that most of you guys don't remember this but you know it wasn't a Sunday and you know I'm so proud of myself. I call this top, I call this top, I call it not only this, I call it on like 60, 70 million votes. But okay, whatever. We're now in today, not always. So keep an eye on that syndicate, syndicate. So for me, basically, let me get back to the story because the most important story is that for us now, what we need to focus on is this.

00:45:13
So for us to make the biggest gains coming weeks, coming months, we have to be trading the Korean [bitcoin] and the up-bitcoins. And we have to be trading the syndicate coins. Because why? History is showing us that these are the only two that pump. Yeah, you can buy the other coins, no problem. But if you want to make the big money, you have to be following the syndicate or you have to be following. The Koreans, it's just what it is, and you know I understand because you've got all these big crypto accounts that you guys are probably watching what they tell you, they told you, they tell you at bottoms. Yeah, you have to go; you know, you have to go focus on the fundamental points because meme coins are dead, and it's you know they will never pump again and they will go to zero.

00:46:02
Yes, they will go to zero, and they will not pump again. Those are the ones that you guys shield Or even release yourselves from. Those are dead. Because the only way to get them up is if those guys themselves start pumping them up. Otherwise, it's impossible to get them up. But syndicate is not a story. Syndicate-this is what they do for a living. This is how they make money. They make money on these charts by pumping them up and then dumping them down. Pumping them up, dumping them down. This is how they make money. This is what they do for a living. So, also, don't expect that your favorite crypto guru will tell you about SPX. Don't expect that your favorite crypto guru will tell you about Giga. You know why?

00:46:58
I'm going to tell you why. Because the syndicate is very selective in their people that they use for whatever marketing out there. They don't use your favorite crypto guru. And that's also why you know all these famous crypto influencers-they are the past everyone that has got a healthy brain in his mind don't watch their shows you know why because there's nothing they will show you or tell you that can make you money so because they, you know, they are still living in the past. The world crypto world already moved on and they are still living in the past. You know, at some point it's pathetic because sometimes I see something come by or on YouTube when I'm scrolling and then I see some titles and I think to myself, this is just pathetic.

00:47:43
These guys, they don't know anymore what to say, you know, because, you know, listen, if crypto is moving, you cannot stop with crypto. And crypto is also something, you know, you cannot, you know, think, okay, you know, I educated myself, you know, I know enough about crypto. No. In crypto, you have to every day keep learning more and more research and following, you know, what makes me to what I'm, why am I so successful in crypto? Because, you know, I only focus on the money flow. I don't, you know, everything else, I don’t care about it. I follow the money flow. Charts are money flow. Where's the money flowing? Where is it getting out? Where is it going in? Where is it getting out? Where is it going in?

00:48:25
And I’m following the stream. You know, I’ve got a lot of DMs and a lot of people that, you know, tell me, well, MW, I just made, tripled my portfolio. I did a 10X on my portfolio past months since January following you. How did you do that? Yeah, I bought the right coins. I bought Giga. I bought SBX. I bought this. I bought that. I made, you know, I made more money on those than my holdings past three, four years. How did you? That's just what I did. Okay. Because these people, you have to see it like this. Like most of the retailers that are watching crypto shows, they get the information from what they're getting paid for to show you. I give the coins. Nobody pays me.

00:49:09
I don't even know who the crap this owner of SPX is. I don't know them. I give you the coins from which I think the money is flowing. And by the way, guys, this can change next week. Or the week after and then you got this other narrative for sure you got this solid altcoins just like V chain just like Autumn just like Polka Dot etc and you know I'm not saying that you shouldn't buy those I'm buying them at the right time when they dump like Cody like you know a lot of coins are the genome I buy them but you know the narrative could change it can change because if if we're gonna get if we're gonna get this one if we're gonna get uh this one to flip If we're going to get this one so you know the old you know the OGs in crypto that you know that will start flipping their Bitcoin into altcoins then you can see like a GMR make a 10X A Cody make a 10X.

00:50:06
You're going to see like, you know, you've got Flux, you've got all those altcoins out there. You've got Sui, you've got Say, you've got that separate one. Those can make like two, three, four, five Xs out of nothing. You know, it's just, it's, I'm buying. I told you guys. What I do is I've got like my portfolio, my portfolio is like I changed it into 40-50% going into syndicate coins and into AI ages, but the AI ages are are losing a little bit of of strength because of this deep seek and this you know that you know Nvidia going down etc so they're losing a little bit of momentum, so while they're losing momentum, I'm not going to chase it too much. So, what replaced the syndicate now? It's the Koreans.

00:50:48
So now I'm following the Koreans. What are the Koreans doing? Because the Koreans, if you're going to use the indicator, are you going to just trade along them with the volume? Just let's go. You know, you can get something like Argo, you know, because Argo, I think that Argo, I think that this is just the beginning. I think that this is just the beginning. They have been doing this now a layer. They've been doing it on Baron. They're doing a lot. So when you see like 60%, when you see over here, when you see like 60% of the, oh, let me go over here. When you see like, what is it over here? 60% of volume comes from up it. You know, now it's in a late stage because now it's going to get listed on Biden.

00:51:26
So now they're probably going to dump it. So it's still way too late. But, you know, if you're going to catch, like, for example, you can DM me about this, by the way. You can DM me about this, by the way. So if you're going to see like a coin that is, let me just give you an example. If you're going to see like Argo, for example, let's say that Argo is over here. And you're going to see, okay, you're going to check. You see volume hitting in over here. And then you're seeing that Upbit is pumping it. DM me about it if I don't see it. I probably know about it already, but I check it on my database. But if I don't see it, just tell me, MW, listen.

00:52:02
You know, and that's when. We're going to put on our indicator. We're going to make money. Because the Koreans, this is just the start. They're just heating up over here. This will get much better. This will get much, much better. A lot of money is going to be made. So follow me on X. Trade on Blowfin or B2NX. Links are in the description. Make sure, by the way, I'm going to give you guys a little bit of, you know, for those that don't own the indicator, I think that most of you guys all own the indicator, but if you don't own the indicator, it's also working on something where you can donate and get the indicator directly. And also the basic, the basic training course webinars and training vids are coming.

00:52:47
Yes, finally, Chase Trading Vid 4. 0 is going to get released. I'm going to surprise you. and also for the high volume traders i'll be receiving of i think what is it maybe 100 dms or more so i'm gonna sit for them i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna make a list out of you guys and uh i'm gonna explain you guys how it's gonna work i'm gonna explain you guys also what the costs are that you have to donate to get into this uh this group of high volume traders but you know it's it's like this high volume traders first of all guys high volume traders never ever ever don't share with me the number of how much you're trading with because you know we're still on the webs and i don't want any of your private information comes out for me it's very important for the ones that are uh the dme we talk in percentages and for me why did i say um

00:53:49
High volume traders are the ones that are owning between $100K and $100 million that are trading with. So it's a very big, big gap over there. But never, ever, ever, because some of them are sharing with me, you know, I've got like $500K. I'm trading with $1 million. I'm trading with $2 million. Don't tell me this on the web, please. I'm not interested to know. The only thing that counts to me is, you know, at some point, if you want to get into this. High-volume sessions, you have to be showing me proof that you're trading on a certain uh volume on on on uh on both in a bit next, so that's how it's gonna work, that's how I'm gonna see the proof of it.

00:54:28
But I don't need, don't share with me your uh, don't share with me your uh, the amount that you're trading with, I'm not interested and nobody should be interested in that, that's your personal stuff so keep that to yourself, please. So um, basically we're gonna read this from Argo, so guys a lot of things are happening and also uh Salsra, I'm very proud of Salsra, also very proud of Helena that has been and there was another one, I forget about this, it was at Spaceman, he also was making a similar videos just like just like Helena, by the way. So Charlotte Salsaw, she's working on some big stuff behind the scenes, also trying to grow the GTC Insider account. And, you know, there is so much going on, you know, it's mind-blowing.

00:55:17
And, you know, we're going to take it step by step, and it's going to be great, and we've got to make a lot of money. I know this already. Because, you know, at the end of the day, you know, you guys, I know that most of you guys, what you want to know about me is this: Are we short or are we long? What are you focusing? You need to know where the focus is. So, and you know, I keep nailing this over and over again. Sometimes I get tired of myself. I mean, sometimes I think to myself, 'Come on, come on, MW, get it wrong.' Get it wrong sometimes. Just show that you're just a human being. It doesn't matter.

00:55:47
Let's just say, if I get it right 10 times, I at least have to get it wrong just one time. I love you all. Thanks all for watching. Thanks also for joining in. Have a nice one. And bye-bye. How about the interview? Yeah, wait a minute. Lema, ask Salsara. Go. People, you have no idea how big the pile of stuff is on my desk. So, yeah, and I've had literally pneumonia the past 10 days. So I'm catching up now. Some patience. It's going according to priority. Okay, well, okay. I'm giving my best. Guys, I delivered the interview like, I don't know, a month ago or something like that. I don't know. So it's all to Salsa. It's not about me. I did my part. So she just got to get it done and release it. But you're doing also your part and giving me more work. Yes, yes, yes. She's totally right because there's just a lot going on. But it's coming. It's coming. I love you all. Have a gratitude and WL. Same to you, Doc. Dr. Mario, lovely to have you over here. Thank you so much. Have a nice one. Bye-bye.