*** Live Stream 05-06-2025 Important Charts to watch right now! How to trade FED Meeting Volatility like a pro! *** 

00:00:03
Welcome, welcome, welcome, Get Ready Crypto and welcome, welcome retail familia. Welcome, welcome to another live stream. We're going to talk about a lot today, guys. So it's going to be, I think, a little bit of a long stream today. So we're going to talk about financial markets. We're going to talk about Bitcoin. We're going to talk about Trump. We're going to talk about Mr. Powell. We're going to talk about the FOMC. We're going to talk about the Koreans. We're going to talk about crypto. We're going to talk about altcoins here. I'm going to talk about so much, you know, what more do you guys want from me? I'm going to give you everything, everything. So if you're subscribed to this channel, maybe it's time to tell your neighbor next to you.

00:00:43
Maybe it's time that you start following that guy because he will tell you everything you need to know. If you're trading gold, silver, stocks, indices, crypto, Bitcoin, it's everything. So instead of watching all those guys in the suits, you know, Mr. Hans Gritzel, I am the, you know, the economic expert. I work at the Deutsche Bank and I'm going to tell you how to make money well. Tell them watch this guy. Maybe you're going to do your job better for your clients. So welcome, welcome retail fam. I'm going to start off with the Germans. It's all about the Germans today. So for my German community over here, welcome, especially to you. So I'm going to put you in the spotlight today. Sorry for the rest of the nationalities that are following me. But today it's all about the Germans. So why is it about the Germans? Because I think that the Germans are bigger regions than Koreans, Chinese, Japanese. Together, mixed, you know, combined. I don't care. Look at this chart. This is their mine shaft pumping. Their stocks, they're pumping them into, let's go to the moon. And by the way, guys, if you don't see, this is not the one-minute chart. This is the monthly chart. Just look at this.

00:02:24
Germany! Okay, guys, the ones, you know, the ones that are, you know, the ones that are from Germany, kill the chat. Just kill the chat with we are Dijans. We are the biggest Dijans in the world. Look at their mindshaft. Look at their mindshaft. Look at this monthly candle. Because if you would analyze candles, if you would see this monthly candle closing like this, this candle was, you know, it's almost 100 sure that this is gonna follow; look at this candle close; look at this, it's what they call a hammer, just for the ones, you know, for the ones that are gonna join the beginners trading course. I'll explain you guys what hammers are and you know, you've got all these names about these candles and they do have some kind of impact but it's just; most of the time for sure.

00:03:12
But this is a monthly hammer. This is the hammer of Thor. And the hammer of Thor, a lot of people think like, you know, a hammer is bearish. No, it's not bearish. When you see a hammer like that, that's super bullish. But look at this, guys; you know, I was just talking to Salsroth. Shout out to Salsroth for joining us today. Also, I was telling her, listen, you know, I don't give a crap about the most beautiful woman in the world. I just don't care. This is what gets me excited, this when I see this, this is you know this is when I get hyper so let the music run, boom, boom.

00:05:32
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So very quickly, what do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? We got Leon. We got Mannschaft. That's one of the Mannschaft. We got Delvish. We got Alton Jerez. The other Mannschaft. Xcaro, Ziggy. What do we got? Marissa. We got Trent. Flakes. We got Mark Bargainhouse. Mark Collette. Welcome, bro. Trevo. Trent. We got Ronald. We got Escaping. Still Medija. We got Christopher Spaceman Scoop Bar Chanism, I haven't seen Chanism yet so a new one welcome bro, Oh who's this, I don't know what it is, Edwin, uh we got to talk, he's in the house Kirk, Elena is in the guy Jules Beaver, Amirose my bro, Waleed Lazyberg Roy, Who received bueno, in green pip we got Skull Sata

00:06:31
Evelina, The Dark is with us, oh the dog is with us Pedro, we got Mama Dolly in the house Rosie, Phil Reckon for Jerry Danny Dicks Tanya Medic Benjamin Bergman Shop he God is in the house Nicholas Jawar hello hello hello guys Oh thank you thank you guys how high could this possibly go Oh this is something you want me you know I haven't I haven't analyzed it yet, you want me to analyze it together with you guys now? I think it’s going to get too long. I haven’t analyzed. I’m so excited by seeing this thing pump so hard. I haven’t even analyzed this yet. But just if you want me to do a very quick one. So let me, for example, take this pump from Darmanshav to this pump.

00:07:23
Let’s just see. So this is not valid. so this bump was you know guys i'm telling you this is really madness what's going on over here so did we ever ever ever have have a pump like this you know i can't even measure this so this one was you know man you know i have to really analyze this thing where is this thing going where is the i really have no clue where it's going you know where is this thing i have a clue but i have to analyze it this will take me some time to time maybe i need an hour for this to analyze where this thing is going and when it's gonna you know retrace to make some money so so my new partnership is live guys so i have a new partnership so especially for the ones that like to trade the dax us 500 whatever commodity stocks just name it so i've got a new partnership it's prime xtb

00:08:22
So, just for the record, I've been, you know, I partnered up with, it was just a small partnership, but for like a week with PrimeXDB, you know, It was a very old, slow training platform. I didn't like it at all. And they also, the reason it was like for a week and then I ended it because why? Because there were you had to pay a lot of money for overnight fees. So, you know, I told them, okay, so. Not gonna happen on my watch, so that's when I close it down. So, but they have been rebranding and they solve this overnight fees thing, so the overnight feasting uh is also solved. And they have been renewing their their their trading platform; I'm going to make a tutorial about it, so just bear with me.

00:09:03
I will show you. Also, let me be super honest with you guys: they have the monopoly in crypto, so they are the only ones – you know, I've been researching this for over a month they are the only ones that own a platform where you can trade it's like CFDs, you know; you can trade them all um using crypto, using USDT. They are the only one, the only one, with volume, with liquidity because a lot of, a lot of them you know, there are some other exchanges also offering them, but it's Just stay away from it because you know, I've checked them all and it's really horrible; there's no liquidity, zero liquidity over there. So, you're gonna get wrecked. So, they are the only ones, so I'm going to make a tutorial.

00:09:55
If you want to open up an account, there is one, I think, in the YouTube description, I hope. I don't know if it's added, but you can find it in my bio in the Linktree. So, in the Linktree also, I think that GTC Insider also has been shared over there. So, you can sign up over there, send me your UID, and especially for the high-volume traders that are interested in trading. you know more than only crypto so crypto is a little bit dead and you want to trade commodities forex you want to trade uh stocks you want to trade or whatever so uh especially for the for the high volume traders group that is coming up uh that's when i you know when i'm gonna do those webinars i'm gonna talk about stocks stocks that i'm interested in uh to to long short

00:10:40
uh forex pairs etc etc so in high volume traders group that will happen over there because in all those webinars we're going to do like that so also i want to talk about you know um the the beginners trading course it's getting close getting closer we're just waiting for some things but just guys keep in mind keep in mind keep in mind that i'm very busy doing a lot of stuff in my life and one of those things are making these live streams and analyzing markets and eyeing altcoins and doing a lot of stuff in my life so just keep in mind that those beginners Courses are not for free, uh, so you know. I hope, I really mean it, but what I'm saying now is that I hope that not too many people will take those courses, to be honest.

00:11:24
I really I want just a small, decent group, You know, that I can schedule and then, you know, I can do whatever this doesn't do, and then I'm not for free. So if you just you know, it's too much money because there is a part going to charity, 35% I think, 65% will go to the to the marketing thing of TTC. So just keep in mind that you know i educate you guys also on my live streams that's why you guys are here with me and that's why also the subscription of the live streams are not for free so i do i really give it my all to give you guys the most possible offer out there so please don't go all uh take this training course uh whatever just just i'm

00:12:07
giving you guys a lot on my live streams at least three four times a week so the trading course with is really for someone that is really interested from you know learning from from from start one and again these things are not cheap so please please please please just watch my live streams and you know focus on those ones and only join the beginners course if you really want to learn from step one just like a baby from step one how do i analyze and how do i trade and how do i etc protect my capital etc so and for the for the high volume traders i will get back to you uh very soon so first of all guys this dax what is it doing what's tax doing what is tax doing what is this you know first of all you know we've got the the the the the the the german uh german uh The German government, I think it was, I don't, you know, maybe I'm wrong, just check it out.

00:13:05
But I think they announced that they were going to pump 50 billion or I don't know how much it was to their own stocks. I don't know. You know, I said it already. People are laughing at the Germans for selling their Bitcoin. Look at these scandals, guys. So this Dex is going bananas. And, you know, I'll update in a later stadium when I think that it's enough. By the way, guys, we're going to, on the weekly, we've got sort of like a triple, I think. It's even more than a triple. But look at this, guys. But I think the power that I'm seeing over here, if something can break this thing up, it's the Germans. Let me just say that. So this is FOMO. And how do I see that this is FOMO?

00:13:58
Because my indicator shows me that, you know, look. Look at this. Look at the indicator. Look, look how FOMO looks like. Look, look, this is how FOMO looks like. Don't look when it's invalidated. It doesn't matter. Look at this. So basically, this was the dump over here. This was on a 15-minute look-up entry; you take profits over here, entry you're out, break even, this was your next entry over here, this one, small, small game, your entry and this was the gap of the weekend. You know, basically what happened in the weekend, a lot of you guys, because things have gotten a little bit, you know, our analyze was good. So, the markets closed green. Powell is coming up. So, the pre-pump, I think that the pre-pump will still happen, by the way.

00:15:07
I think this is just, you know, I've seen this a lot of times because some narrative comes in between it. And then you got this scammy dump. But then the marks will pump up again before power, that's how I see that's how I've been seeing it so don't think that you know oh well the pre-pump is involved I don't think so I don't think so and I don't believe that I think that the pre-pump will still happen but over here this was the gap that we opened up uh this one's with Trump uh new tariffs and he even you know I don't know if I read it right but he even said that he wants tariffs on on American movies or on Netflix or whatever. Yes.

00:15:53
So if we're going to watch a movie from Netflix or something, we have, you know, if we're not Americans, we have to pay extra tariffs to watch Hollywood. Is it right, Salza? Am I right? Yes, 100%. Well, the tariff is 100%. And you are right a hundred percent so well, whatever, so it's... You know, this guy is really getting crazy, he's unstoppable, and I don't think that he will stop, he will not stop, he will keep going on. So now, uh, we have to watch uh German movies, I think or French movies or Dutch movies Dutch people have some nice movies also. Yeah. But, you know, either way, this was the gap below it, below it. Look at this. Look at this. Okay, we had this Trump drama.

00:16:48
Okay, who cares? Darmanschaft. This is FOMO. Look, even under five minutes. Look at this. Look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Invalidated. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I think it's just a matter of minutes and this thing will be over. But okay, enough about it. Let me go to the US 500. So the US 500, basically what they're doing, the market's open, by the way. What time is it? I think the market's open already. So look at this. Yes. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. So we're, you know, you had this dump. There's no dump. There's no dump. So this is just, we are just going, just like I told you on Friday, we're just going, they will just.

00:17:34
let me show where's my other you know here it is you know they're just going to bump they're just bumping you know whatever trump is trying his best to you know to get these autistic guys but it's it's you know you know it's it's it's it's very simple they're just pretty popular this will probably go much higher that's what i think i think it will go much higher so i think i think so this is powell so i think that the next level to watch is 720. Yes, that's what I think you know you know Trump is trying its best but it's not working, look at this, look at this, I seem like nothing bearish about this, look at this, we came below it but there is no momentum because this is, I think, this is where markets opened, markets boom so I could be totally wrong, but based on the facts and based on history and based on how I see it, this thing will probably just bump. So even if it would dump down, it gets into the indicator and it goes up. So it's just like, you know, Wall Street does not like to dump before Powell opens up his mouth.

00:18:55
Do you remember? It was, I think it was last year. I think, what was it again? Paul was at a big event and I think someone, someone came in and started shouting. He came onto the stage, I don't know. And then I think he said something like, 'Who the fuck opened the door?' Oh, I'm sorry. He said that. He said, 'So if Paul can say that, the most powerful person in the world, in my opinion, why can I not say something like that? He just said, 'Who the fuck opened that door or something?' I love Powell, by the way, guys. I really love him. I think that Powell is the most powerful person in the world. That's what I think. So I think that they will, you know, they will do just like they always do.

00:19:42
They will just pre-pump this. I know Trump is trying to compete with him, but he cannot. Trump, he cannot. Powell is the man. Paul is the man. Paul is the man. And he's pumping this up. So let me show you Netflix because Netflix is also, look, Netflix. So this was the news came out here. So we had this dump down. And Netflix is like, you know, retesting the indicator over here. So let me put an alarm over here. But, you know, by the way, guys, just for you guys to understand that this is why. This is why he's doing that. Are you seeing this? Why do you think that Trump did this? Look at this. Trump doesn't like coins that pump. Look at this. Do you see where we are?

00:20:33
Are you seeing this candle? Well, you know, I have Netflix. And Netflix sucks past months. No new good movies. No nothing. No. Maybe you guys disagree but you know so why is this thing pumping look where it is look where Netflix is at this moment this is a rise of what is this this is a rise of this is just from September 22, you could make make a 6x, so basically Netflix did just as good as Bitcoin or even better. Did you just say that? Yes, I said that. Yes. This thing did 633. What did Bitcoin do? Oh, we're going to talk about that in a moment. I want to know. I want to know. Did Netflix really do better than Bitcoin? Because, you know, we have to be really ashamed of ourselves. We need to be ashamed of ourselves if Netflix. Is doing better than Bitcoin? It's you know, you should be really ashamed of yourself, we all of us, everyone that believes in crypto, if Netflix did better than Bitcoin, we should be ashamed of ourselves. Let's see, let's see, I hope, really please don't, please, please. Bitcoin,

00:22:12
Netflix did better than Bitcoin. We should be ashamed of ourselves. We should be really ashamed. Shame on us. Shame. Shame. Netflix did better than Bitcoin. So the whole world adopted Bitcoin, not Netflix. The whole world, every freaking institution that we know all over the world has been adopting Bitcoin. Every bank is buying Bitcoin. Sailor. Is buying almost all the bitcoin in the world and freaking Netflix did better than bitcoin, it's it's a disgrace, guys.

00:23:06
So we're so proud of ourselves. Yes, we are crypto guys. We're going to get rich. Yes. Do you understand now why I'm not interested in Bitcoin? I never was. I don't give a crap about Bitcoin, bro. I just don't. You know, let Michael Saylor buy all the Bitcoin available in the world. I don't care.

00:23:28
Guys, you know, you will never, ever, ever, ever find one. Influencer in the world crypto influence I'm talking about that will show you tell you this nobody you know why because they need you in crypto they don't want you to leave you need to stay in crypto or at least in bitcoin look at this freaking Netflix outperforming Bitcoin

00:24:06
it's enough about this we're going to talk about financial markets you know it's time to go to some uh do some uh you know do some but first of all please guys keep in mind that you know that I'm still expecting the markets to pre-pump uh powell because that's what they always do so don't ask me why that's what they always do It's that simple. You don't have to do any TA. You don't have to calculate. You don't have to make trend lines. Paul, pump. Pump, Paul. No, P, P. Paul, pump. So let me go to, let me go, what happened to, because this was in a weekend, you know, Trump was like, you know, you know, well, you know, you know, I'm not going to let those crypto guys have a nice weekend.

00:25:02
Yeah, so in the weekend because he chooses his moments obviously when the markets are closed and only crypto is ruling then he comes with these sick but you know um Bitcoin has shown a little bit of too much of weakness over here I don't know why I don't know why but you know first of all we had this you know this one came up to the indie we didn't hit the indie yet let me see how it's looked on the 12 hour chart it's you know it's in the Indian a four hour below it so For now, guys, you have to keep in mind that this is your danger zone on the four-hour This is for now So Bitcoin is showing a little bit of weakness against the markets But I've analyzed this by the way because this has happened more in the past weeks What I'm seeing is that you know Bitcoin is only going up when Michael Saylor is buying That's it So without Michael Saylor

00:25:59
We could be at 80k now So it's at this moment I think that even the world, the whales, everyone they're like you know okay, Michael, you want to buy it up? Just go and buy it up We don't care Just buy it up We just stay and wait when the super whales come hunt you down to liquidate the crap out of you And that's when we got to buy Bitcoin. So you just do your thing. Keep buying all the Bitcoin in the world. Fine by us. Just do your thing, Mike. It's your show. It's your show. So you want to sell all your MicroStrategy stocks, and you're going to lend a lot of money. You're going to borrow a lot of money. You're going to leverage yourself to death on Bitcoin.

00:26:43
Be our guest. Just go buy it. You know, I would just, out of principles, if MicroStrategy is buying this crazy amount of Bitcoin for I don't know what reason, out of principles, I would not buy it. bitcoin at least not at this level so uh i'm seeing a question about about about about warren buffett guys you know guys you know that warren buffett is my role model uh you know he's about the only one that i would you know it's my dream to but he doesn't trade but to do trading competition with warren so warren is really my you know he's my number one investor let's just say it like this and basically let's

00:27:26
just say the most important part about what warren buffett said is you know i think that he needs somewhere so it's time for him to to leave to leave his job whatever this is he doing the guys i don't know i don't know what it is but listen guys warren buffett warren buffett is um warren buffett warren buffett The two most important Things that Warren Buffett said is, well, first of all, that he's going to make plays for Anu. I don't know who it's going to be, but he's still holding cash. So even, because I know now for sure that he's not watching my live streams. I know for sure that he's not watching my live streams now. So basically he didn't buy this double bottom. He didn't buy this.

00:28:22
Very strange in my opinion. I don't understand. Because I think that Warren Buffett made a mistake over here. He didn't buy this. I just don't get it. He should have bought this one. But again, he is not a trader. So maybe he's like, you know, I don't care. But, you know, this is Mr. Buffett. You really missed. This is a 20% move, Mr. Buffett. So, Buffett made a big mistake, in my opinion, over here. So he should have just listened because a 20% is a lot, guys. It's really huge for an industry like US 500. A bounce of 20% is a lot. So I think that he made a mistake over there, but that was not, for me, the most important part about Warren Buffett was the fact that he said, it's smart to diversify your.

00:29:16
Currencies meaning what he said is just like I've been telling you it's good to have used the euro maybe yen maybe one maybe the bricks when it comes out he said that openly that's that's nuclear in my opinion that when he said that that's really you know people really don't think about this too much but Oh, no. It's huge, guys, that he said that. If Warren Buffett says maybe it's time that, you know, it's smart to have, you know. I would suggest if you own a lot of money, and I don't know, if you have the US dollar or you have the euro, if you have whatever, listen to the guy. I would do the same. You know, I've already been doing that for years, but listen to the guy.

00:30:14
Don't leave your money, for example if you own the euro maybe it's time to flip your road to something not all of it but just a small part but you know do some research on that one so uh okay enough about this guy's Vix by the way they're pushing it down just like I told you so we didn't hit the bottom here so I I'm expecting by Powell day this thing will hit these levels, that's what I think that's what I think, I could be totally wrong. Is the DEX still pumping? Yes, the DEX is just doing whatever it is that it's doing. Look at this hammer in the making on the Euro 50, by the way, and this hammer in the making on the US 500. This thing is an inverted one.

00:30:52
So, yeah, let's see. So, for now, again, same story. So, we had this reaction of Trump in the weekend. And so we had some red on the markets. So there were some beautiful members. I'm going to show you. There was one guy in the weekend. He told me, MW, what's going on? MW, I want to share with you something. He's a Russian guy. I want to share with you, MW, I want to say thank you. I want to send you one big bottle of Russian vodka. He's very funny, this guy. I told him, why, bro? He told me, I made 133K. Oh, congrats, bro. He told me in the weekend. What did you do? He told me, I used your indicator and I shorted this in the weekend. I thought, well, great.

00:31:45
And he told me, I added to my short at here while I was engaged. I told him, oh. He told me, I never did this in my life. I shorted and I added to my short while I was shorting. This is incredible, guys. I've got so many fans all over the world. Russians-I've got Russian and Ukrainians. They're both followers and Redefined members. If they would just talk to each other, make a little bit of peace together, that would be super, super great. But look at this. This guy, though, told me, did you see your indicator or not? I didn't see it, bro. I didn't trade it; I was a little bit busy on the weekend. Oh, yeah, but listen, look at this. Oh, I was so. I was so happy for this guy.

00:32:30
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Pung, pung, pung, pung. Because, over here, you don't have the financial markets to interrupt the indicator. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. Pung. And this was the jackpot. Jackpot over here. Pung. Pung. And now we're going Pung. And I reject it again. Punk, do you realize how much money this is? Guys, let me remove the indicator. Look at this guys! Do you know how much money this is? You know, you know for sure this doesn't happen a lot. So this happens, you know it happens because most of the times you can catch maybe two, three moves and then it gets invalidated after wait, but this like this one, this was just perfection

00:33:25
because over here because you know these guys, you know especially Typhoon they don't care, they disrespect the indie boom add to it boom add to it boom add to it because they're already engaged, they don't care, they go heavier boom add to it add to it add to it and over here they get payday, this is payday for them and I think most of the guys cash out over here, they catch it on this double but this, this is our money, guys, it's Bitcoin, just go, go bananas on it. They don't care. So this Russian guy, his name is, what is... I cannot say his name. I cannot say his name. So this is, it was beautiful. It was beautiful. I was so happy for him. You know, I'm so happy for him.

00:34:08
I didn't trade this, by the way. I really didn't. I was very busy with some other stuff also related to crypto. You know, but this is a beauty so for now this is looking so, I don't know. Michael is not buying; Mikey is not buying. You know when Mikey's not buying, you're probably gonna see this, but guys this is so important. When you get these moves, you can make really sick money not only on Bitcoin, also on altcoins, also an office can make a lot of money on this one. So okay, so you guys want me to talk? I think about Layer; I think you guys want me to talk about that. Okay, okay,

00:34:42
guys, you have to understand: the only reason why I'm gonna talk about Layer now is because this is, you know, we are like private on YouTube; nobody can see it's only for the ones that are subscribed so this is why I'm gonna; I'm not gonna talk about Layer anymore on X until it dumps down at least 50 percent from the top. I'm not gonna talk about it anymore, you know why? Because I'm a bit done with this uh because you know this is one of those coins that... Certain exchanges are hunting the retail fan down; although they're trained to trade this and they're probably gonna make a lot of money. But they are; they are hunting them down. So, that's the reason why I'm not talking about until it dumps 50%.

00:35:26
So, that's why so basically let me tell you this: Team is making a lot of money on this. They're shorting the crap out of it. So every time when this thing pumps up, you'll see something like this. But let me show you guys this: look at this, we had this one; this was the next level that I was eyeing myself personally, so this one. And then you can also make uh something like this, because you have to; you have to understand, guys. Let me just say this: what did I tell you? One of my last ones-one of look at this, I've seen this; this was perfection, this was perfection, this was just purely perfection, but you have to see it like this, guys. I tweeted something about this on Twitter, in one of my last tweets.

00:36:11
I told you guys, listen: Layer is my new stable coin. And I'm not lying-one letter from what I wrote there. Layer is my; layer really is my stable coin. What does that mean? All the trades made are getting flipped into Layer, short. If this thing would even make another 50%, it will get flipped there. So it's really a big, big, big war and I have to be honest that layer is one of those coins that you know they are giving us really a fight so this is really a fight so you know this happens maybe uh maybe five percent of the time so like like you know when you make like 20 of those taste rates

00:36:55
you'll get like one like layer so layers really, really giving us the big fight we're prepared for we're prepared for it we don't give a crap so for us it's just pump it up as much as you can we don't care as long as you don't make a 10, 20 x but you know if you want to make another two, three, four, five x we don't care we're ready for it we don't think you can by the way but uh even if you would do it we're ready for because you know We did not jump in here. We're at the top. We're over here. We jumped. We started doing this over here from this box. So over here was Jesuit. So they're really, really giving us a big, big challenge.

00:37:31
But you have to understand that only this dump down, because a lot of you guys will probably not understand this, only this candle down is already we are running in profits. We're already running a profit. I know it's mind-blowing. It's sick, but we're already in profits on this layer. So even here, the current price, we are running in profits. So you have to see it like this. So first of all, really nail this target over here. This was really perfection. This is really perfection. Let me see. Let me see one moment, please. Let me make this a little bit more beautiful. So you can see it so this thing now let me put on the indicator by the way I was eyeing it how it's gonna close why am I not seeing the indicator because I bet the wrong chart, okay.

00:38:24
So let me go to Layer do I have layers the same chart wait a minute, wait a minute uh this is what what chart is this ah what chart is this what layer is it, this one no is it this one let me see I've got a lot of Layer charts guys, no it's not this one also okay forget about it let's just go on this one so let me let me remove this. First of all I've said this already I told you listen the last time that we tested the indicator was over here 8th April. We never tested it really again. So in my opinion, it's just a matter of time. So this thing could still crop up if they're going to hold it up. Let me use another layer. I want another layer. Where is my other layer?

00:39:24
Oh, this is the one. So for me, it's just a matter of time. This thing is going into the indie. This thing is going into the indie because this, I see this is, you know, At some point, I'm going to teach you this. But, you know, this is just air. This is just Ponzi. This is just leverage. This is whatever it is. This is just pure, pure Ponzi. This has nothing to do with being bullish on layer, whatever it is they're doing. Maybe they invented the new crypto chain. I don't give a crap. This is just. Wills hunting retailers down on the short that's it that's what you're seeing over here and I've seen

00:40:15
it a lot of times in my life I've seen it on Barra I've seen it on decks I've seen it on fire I've seen it on everything, all those coins and Anna I've seen it all but it's always the same ending and then you can tell me every price goes down at some point, yes it does but not as big as these. Because these dump like 80, 90% in a matter of two, three weeks. So you cannot compare those two. VeChain will not dump 80, 90%. ETH will not dump 80, 90%. Bitcoin will not dump 80, 90%. LINK will not dump 80, 90%. This one could dump 80, 90%. That's the big difference. This is the big difference between the ones that we chase trade and the ones that we don't.

00:41:03
Because this is just a lot of air. Everything that you're seeing here is pure, pure, pure manipulation. So you have to see it like this. These guys that are in layer, oh my God, I talk so much about layer. I don't want to talk about it anymore. These people that are pumping up layer, they have only one purpose. They're just thinking about one thing. When are we going to dump it? When can we dump it? That's all they think about, day and night. When are we going to dump the crap out of this one? I think that the unlock is also closing in; like you know, I think something like uh six days or four, seven days, but you have to see it like this.

00:41:45
My opinion is if this thing is going to dump it needs to dump so day tomorrow, the day after, when you know, when it's like two, three days left now. You have to be very careful; the indicator is really your best friend at that point because you know that's when they could, you know, when the especially when the fundings get red, they could start romping it up again but only to dump it much harder after. So that's about that's about that. So I'm not going to talk; let me just see the four hours and so we have 60 minutes and it looks like we're going to close below it but this also closed but then we got this pump this.

00:42:19
Was this was really a scary pump And this is when the indicator gets invalidated when too many really short signals going. But you know, for me, this thing, you know, this is for now, for now, this is the level to watch. This is the level to watch. If we're going to lose this one, we're going to lose this, you know, it's holding beautifully over here. So if we're going to lose the two eight, that's when the wheel. Boom. Something with my son. So if this thing will lose this box over here, that's when I think then. Then you can get to the two-two or two-three very fast whereas the daily indie is a two-three yes, so I think that it will happen very fast so if this thing gets if it's two-eight two-seven two-eight when they're gonna lose this support over here it could dump very fast to the two-two-two-three so that's another you know it could dump a very fast.

00:43:16
Another 15 what's going on are you doing something? No, the unlock is in five days. So it's in five days, yes. So if it's going to dump, it needs to dump today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow. That's how fast it should dump. If they're going to do it. But again, there's a reason why I'm not posting on Twitter about this. It's just purely because some serious people are hunting the retail fam. Not only the retail fam, they're hunting all the shorts on this thing. They're hunting this, you know; they're just keeping it up. Uh, to flush out the the shorts and then they're gonna for me, they cannot flush me out, so this is I even said it; this is my stablecoin, this is my stablecoin.

00:44:01
So you do whatever it is that you're gonna do, I'm gonna cash in very big, very, very big. So enough about that one, um what was I gonna talk about today? So I think we're gonna talk about some coins uh from the Koreans so XRP, someone asked me to do I want to do XRP, yeah you know I don't I don't show you guys because there are some high volume trades. I love XRP because I think that XRP XRP let me see XRP because when why is it oh now we show so uh XRP oh oh XRP what are you doing? So this, you know, who at this? So what is it? What is it? Who asked me about this? Where is it? Where is, where are you? Yes. So plain digital. First of all, I really never seen you before. I really have no clue who you are. So welcome to the live stream. So that's number one. Could you please show the indicator? Bro, just look at it. Is there anything more that I need to say? Look at this. Do you need more about this plain digital? Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. This is like, you know, this is like.

00:45:32
They're like, no, you got, you got, you got, you got in, I don't know, it might be in the sixties or seventies. You got this, this, this gun and you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, um, uh, I hate it when this is when my English gets a mess. You have to, it's like, turn it around. You hold it down and turn it like in circles. That's how I see it. This is it. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,

00:46:17
Oh, this is nasty. Why is it dumping so? Why is this thing dumping like this? Why? Wait a minute. Why is everything dumping? What's going on? Let me see. Ah! What? It's retracing. So how is Dexy? I'm retracing. This is not retracing. This is nothing. How is Dexy doing? Where is Dexy? I'm interested. Oh, Dexy's pumping even more. Oh, good. Good for you, Dexy. Just keep going. That nobody can stop this monster. You know, there's zero signs that they can stop that mineshaft. That mineshaft. So let me go back. Let me go back. Where was I? XRP. So XRP, let me zoom out. Let me zoom out. Let me zoom out. So on the daily, it's really a mess. Over here, we got on the weekly, we held this very beautifully.

00:47:05
Then we got to retest exactly on the top. And now it's going back again. So yes, 192 is the level to watch. Then we got a dump, so it's 160. But to be honest, I'm going to be super, super honest with you. XRP, I'm not interested in buying. If you wanted to buy XRP, you had like, do you know how long? You have to see it like this, guys. So this was basically where you could have bought XRP. You had like two years or three years to buy XRP. You didn't. Why? Because you're listening to all the influencers in the world that XRP was dead and the technology is zero and XRP is whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. All those stories, you all heard them.

00:47:51
So if you would believe all those famous influencers, you should never have any. So, well, after they finished their job and they did what they did, this thing made a 6X. Okay. So I'm not going to buy XRP over here and I'm definitely not going to buy it over here. So if I would be interested in XRP, it really needs to come back to at least one buck. But, you know, I don't like to buy XRP because XRP is for me just like Bitcoin. You have to understand my style of trading and investing. I don't invest in something that maybe if I'm super lucky will double or triple my money. I'm not interested. If I'm going to invest my money in something, there needs to be a possibility that will make me a 5 to a 10x in a week.

00:48:44
That's my style. So that said, that's investing-wise. But if we're going to talk about trading-wise, oh, XRP is a monster. I love it. XRP is actually in my top three altcoins to trade on high volume. So you got, first of all, you got ETH. After ETH, you got Solana. And after Solana, you got XRP. So these are the three altcoins that I like to trade at volume. So altcoins. And then Bitcoin for sure, number one. So XRP is, yeah, so for now, it's looking super bearish, bro. So look at this. So at some point, I think we're going to retrace a rebound over here. But look at this. This is the indicator. You have to see it like this.

00:49:31
So, forget about this look at this one, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, and then boom up so over here, this was a little bit tricky but you see this over here, retrace, retrace, retrace, and then over up it and then retest over here and as he goes and it's the same story so if you're in a weekend uh you know you're just in a weekend sitting at home okay I have nothing to do let me go try to make some money this is how you make money Put the indicator on, put the money in, and let's go. Let's go. Just let's go. And I know that it's very hard to trade this on a full hour but you can even put it on a one hour.

00:50:10
What are you going to see on a one hour? So this is a mess. So this is, you got to make money but you also got to, you know, this is a mess. This is really a mess. So basically here, you would have made some nice money, but this is really a mess. So on the one hour, you would have, you know, this is a torture. under 50 minutes for example this is also a torture so this is basically on four hour only the valid ones otherwise i wouldn't be interested in this one so um that's about that one let me let me let me go you know i need to go to the guys i need to go to my friends i need to go to the to the koreans so basically just for uh for you to know mr plane the koreans their number one high volume coin is xrp So they're buying XRP like crazy.

00:50:59
Well, XRP is dumping. So just for your information. So the Koreans are buying or selling. They could also be selling it. I think they're selling it now, by the way. But, you know, on leverage, there's a lot of power. So even if they're buying it, it will have no impact. But it's their number one volume coin. So even higher than Bitcoin. Yeah, believe it or not. So the next one is SDPT. So I want to see this SDPT. What's going on with SDPT? Why are they? Ah, okay. So there you go. Look at this. Koreans. I love Koreans. This is why I love Koreans. You know, this is how you make money. This is why you need to watch GTC Insider. Because I know for sure that GTC Insider showed this coin as a high volume coin.

00:51:40
Did you? Did it? It should be. I think if you would go into the weekend and check, GTC Insider, STPT should be there. Or at least yesterday. I'm going to check myself. Let me check. Let me check. Let me check. Where's the high volume points? STPT, here it is. This is eight hours ago. And over here, let me see. Was it over here? No, it wasn't here over yesterday. Where is it? Where is it? So eight hours ago. One, two, three, four, five, six. No, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. So over here it was shared. It's a bit late. It's a bit late. You're on the four-hour chart, so it was two candles ago. Oh, it was two candles ago. Yeah, now it's eight. Now you can count to eight.

00:52:30
Yeah, now it makes sense. It was shared over here. It shouldn't be shared over here. It should be shared over here. It should be shared over here. Because this would, you know. I think that GTC Insider should also, not only, I think that there should be a new one, the high volume coins, but also the high Korean volume coins. Because if you would also share the Korean coins, I think that SDPT should be started over here. And this is basically what you're seeing over here. Look at this. Look at this. These are, by the way, Koreans, guys. Up, up, up, up, up, up. Just shake out there, you go again, out shake out there, you go again, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then this is where you catch it, this is where you catch it.

00:53:19
Oh, we are out okay up again, retest button and look at this candle now it's coming back, it's this thing, so it could make another another one pop, so there was another coin, there was another coin also that I wanted to talk about, ah, virtual still in the top 10 layers by the way, also still in the top 10. Yeah, where was that B/B/B swap? I want to talk about this B swap because uh, my team made a lot of money on this one. By the way, in the weekend, let's pump up it; dumps here it is; it dumps just as fast. Look at this! Look at this! You remember this guy? Do you remember this? Look at this look; look remember over here when was it?

00:54:08
Was it over here when I talked about it on Friday? I talked about it was Monday; it's Friday here. Yeah, there's cooking here on the indicator. They told me, listen: was it on Sunday? No, it wasn't on Sunday! This pub when did when did this pump happen? When did it happen? Wednesday? No, not Wednesday! This Saturday? What was this one? I think yes, this was it. This was it; This was it. This was the pump. So let me just take a wide moment, and then This was the pump I knew that the team made a lot of money on this one. Yeah, over here so it was holding holding holding the line. We had this retrace, holding holding them, boom! And this over here. They got just like a shed by the way, guys.

00:55:03
I shared you know, there was one guy, he told me, listen, MW, B-Swap dumped very hard. I told him, yes, do you read my posts on Twitter? Yes, I do. Are you educated by me? Yes, I do. Yes, I am. So if you caught this pump while I prepared you for it, did you take profits over here? Did you hike up your stop-loss and profit? Yes. No, I did not. So you're reading my posts, so you go, but when I tell you to secure profits, you don't do it. You don't know because it goes to the moon. Okay, well. Congrats with your moon, here's your moon, this is your moon, here is the moon, coming this is the big moon that you're waiting for, listen bro, you have to guys, you have to, all just understand that, you know crypto is just what I'm going to trade

00:55:54
a big group, you know manipulators, scammers, whatever it is, that's what I'm gonna do, so when you know, you go in, you pump with them, you secure, when you make a pump like this, suppose you made it, catch the pump like this, what you do is this, this is what you do, so this was the first pump, stop loss here, it goes up more high, up stop loss here, it goes up more higher up, stop loss here, it goes up more higher up, let it run just. Let it go, stop loss here, stop loss here. So even if you're here in much more games so this spike up by the way, you should have also stop loss here and then when it goes down, then you get hit, and then that's it, that's it.

00:56:40
Don't don't be greedy, don't make these moves or just these moves or these moves. I don't care even this move and then they get wrecked later now because the first rule of leverage trading is green never turns into red. So let me go to Fartcomb. By the way, I killed Fartcomb. Are you seeing this? Look at this, guys? You know, I think that jealous asked me about this. Or I don't know. Maybe it's jealous. Maybe it's someone else. Told me MW Fartcomb. I told him 1. 30, bro. Maybe I even said this on the live stream. Did I say this on the live stream, guys? I think I said it on the live stream. I think I did. Yes. I did say it. Yes? Yes. Yes!

00:57:22
Told you guys if you want the number it's 130. look at this! I even made the lines for you guys over here so you guys asked me about Fartcoin and the father made really a big, big, big bump up, so Father was one of the best performing altcoins uh from the MW long ETF because this thing made a six, almost a 7x. They asked me, 'What do you think? 130, 130 130 is the number.' Look at this, we hit 128, almost 129, and boom, we're coming down. How much is this? This is almost an 18% up. So a Fartcoin is going into the Indies. So keep an eye on Fartcoin guys because a little bit of you know bullish. The Fartcoin is Fartcoin. So that's about Fartcoin. It was another altcoin that I wanted to talk about. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?

00:58:21
Oh, yeah, this one! What is this, guys? Can you guys help me with this coin and I'm gonna show you a coin, guys? You know me what is this, guys? Just tell me what is this, okay? My internet's gone oh, this is the Trading View, okay, okay. Whatever it has two Pi, I think. I don't know, it's my internet. Let me see. Let me see, You see it's not loading, It's not loading. Let me try another one, let me try it out here. No, we try it on here. Where was it? What was it? What was it with HBO? You see here it's working, It's trading Hippo Hippocrates, they believe this. So, first of all, what is Hippocrates? I'm seeing this guy Hippocrates, okay. So this thing already went from from this or something.

00:59:38
It's so bad. It's a bad. It's a better but this one uh where is my uh let's see i love this hypocrite by the way, I love it only by the name. So there are so many hypocrites in crypto they're right okay. This is 53 million. So this is just a meme coin, I think. This is just a meme coin. And let me tell you, the Koreans are on it. And you know what I love more? It's not listed on big exchanges. It's not listed on. So the Koreans are on. You know, most of the times when Koreans are on a coin, you know you're feeling me when Koreans are on a coin, a

01:00:46
lot of times you know the big exchanges will list them only bluffing, only bluffing could, could list it and you know it could explode, I'm just saying so you have to really, really keep an eye on this one, this is this is uh is hypocrite, you know don't go all in on it or whatever but just just just keep now use the indie and just keep an eye on it. That's all I have to say. So look at this. This is a 53 million. So keep in mind, I'm saying it's, it's like dead now. What is it? It's going like, look at this. This is so strange. You know, you see this, you see this, this is all, this is the most important. This is so dangerous.

01:01:29
This, you know, this, what you see when it goes like this, then you see it's up. It's like, I don't just, let's just blow off and have this. Yes, yes, yes. The chart looks a bit different on Loafin, actually. Okay, let me see. Oh, they have it. HBO. HBO 10, EU, whatever. Oh, you know. why not why not i'm gonna ask a team to just put some play money on this one why not with a tight stop loss you know why not why not why not you're too bad you're too bad just a tight stop loss you know you never know i'm gonna ask them just a tight stop loss and you know no i i hate the fact that they don't own uh they don't have uh

01:02:32
they don't have they don't have uh the funding rates are in the green that's i wish that they were in the in the red that would be even better but you know let's see let's see let's see this thing because it already pumped uh a lot but let me let me use another child what is this this is freaking koreans by the way guys this is a shit coin so it's just uh if you're doing or trading it whatever just do it really really really with you know what is it so it's only Oh, only I've got only victory over here, why do you see the bluffing chart, I cannot see it over here, it's uh it's a different ticker, you have to look for the hip, this is something else, so I need this, no the price is the same, it's HPO S10 that's done And then.

01:03:33
Oh, wait a minute. But I got Kraken, It's on Kraken also, Yes, I think this is Kraken, Kraken has got it, Bluffing has got it, It's all the same, So this is, So this is how, Oh, we're below the Indian, Oh, this is another chart, This is crazy, This is a whole other chart, The price is the same, That's why I checked, It's the same price, but it looks different, Yes, yes. So it's testing the daily over here. Here it's testing the daily. Here it's testing the daily, losing the daily. So this is like it wants to lose the daily. So this is HIPPO, whatever. But I think the most accurate one is this one. This one you have to check. If you want to trade this, check this one.

01:04:32
Because this is our friends. Oh, this is looking bad. Oh, this is looking bad. Oh, this is looking bad. This is looking so bad. So forget about it. This is looking so bad. You know, this is looking so bad. No, this is looking bad. No, no, no. Don't. Stay away from this. Stay away from this. Stay away. I'm going to. Okay. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone so uh, let me get back to my list, let me get back to this list, so uh what do I got more, what are they more doing more? Let's see what are doing. We need to find ourselves something, it's so bad that is something I need, something give me something I need some some something give me a trade bro, where is the money flowing?

01:05:22
What are you guys doing? Yeah, I think that Pandy, it's time for Pandy, you know, to keep an eye on Pandy for sure. I think that Pandy is pundable. I think that Pandy is outpunded. I think that Pandy had its best. Oh, this is beautiful, by the way. It's a beauty, it's a beauty, it's a beauty. But it's already dropped. It sucks. Oh, I didn't see this one. You know, if we did a live yesterday, I could have seen this one. This was a beautiful source. I think, yes. This was a beautiful source. I think that Bundy needs to cool down a little bit. It has been doing okay. It has been doing great. So, where do we go? What is this Strax doing? I need to see this Strax.

01:06:21
What is Strax doing? Strax, Strax, Strax. Come on. I need a trade. I need to find a trade. At least I need a safe trade. So what is Strax doing? I need Strax. Aha. So Strax. Strax. Okay, Strax. So Strax. Boom boom boom Lucy strikes, need to find I need to find I need to find I need to fight. Is the deck still pumping? Yeah, I think I think it is. Thanks, the deck should be going bananas. Is it or is it not this thing is No strikes, how's the decks doing guys need to see the decks. I need a Duck's. What is the Duck's? Oh Duck's II. Oh, Dexy. Oh, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy, Dexy. That mine shaft. Look at this, guys. You see this? What did I tell you?

01:07:25
I told you it's just a matter of minutes. Look at this. You see this? I told you it's just a matter of minutes and you'll see this thing heading into this. Look at this. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Are you seeing this? This is under five freaking minutes. Look at this. Bang, bang, bang. Pang pang pang pang pang pang, it's like ping pong table, see, this is the ping pong table, you're seeing this, this is the ping pong table. This is the ball. If you would just, if you would just, since I started this stream, if you just open up a PrimeX TV account and you just started using it, you know, just use the indicator, you just and although this thing is super, super, super, it's just one big bubble, look at this.

01:08:25
You just bang, bang, bang, bang. This is incredible, this is mind-blowing, this is FOMO, this FOMO when FOMO hits in the indicator, it's at its best, look at this. There is just no space for retrace, this thing just keeps pop and I think that we're not done yet, I think it's you know, look at this. It keeps you know, it keeps you know it keeps just doing whatever this is doing, it's it's mind-blowing in my opinion, it's really mind-blowing in my opinion. I think this thing is the biggest, biggest, biggest, biggest, Germans. I told you again and again, you guys are degents and really, I love you guys, um, you know, it's just thank you for for giving me this price action, you know. It's just I just love it.

01:09:18
I just love this. I just you know, I just love this. I think that this is, I think this is for me as a trader. This is about the most exciting thing that I see, I know a lot of you people will probably get you know excited about some alpha. This is what makes me excited, So this is this is my thing. So let's see, How is well, this is also just going So just like I said, and is Bitcoin finally giving it a little bit of traction? Is Bitcoin a little bit waking up? Yeah, Bitcoin is also waking up a little bit. So Bitcoin is finally, finally trying to do something. It needs to break this indicator. Just go up over here, Bitcoin. Stop. Stop doing as if you're just going at least the indicator again. You're acting like a little child. come on, come on, come on, come on! What is this short okay? Sorry, yes you could pick NKN, it's from the high volume list, yes it's also on the high volume list and on the one hour it looks interesting but I haven't looked at it, yeah it's going to be also the last one because I have to close it up. Ah, let's see, Anki coin, Anki ad. Anki ad.

01:10:52
Yeah, so basically it's just tested it in again on the daily and it tries to go again. I think you can do it. It goes Anki ad, Anki ad. How they doing, how they doing, how they doing.

01:11:10
Oh, now remember NKM. Oh, this thing. If this thing finds some traction, this thing could. I really love this. I really love the market cap of this thing. This thing, guys, could go. If the Koreans are really on it, they could really pump this thing. But the Koreans aren't on it. Why? The Koreans aren’t on this coin. Why?

01:11:45
Why are they not on it? Oh, yeah. What is this? Number four. Frank, number four. But the Koreans aren’t on it. So I think, in my opinion, I think that most of the time it’s only the Koreans that can pump this thing up. But, you know, it’s, you know, you have to see it like this. This is something that, you know, very, I want, you know. So you're going to get a little bit of that education if you if you if you see that a coin gets so many times rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected, daily then we break about this should flip strong support it should and then ramp up from there. So this is very important for you to know because that the power that the indicator had on the way down most of the times will also show power on the way up.

01:12:34
So if this thing comes back And by the way, Anken is also outperforming the markets. Anken is showing two green candles while the markets are going red. So basically this is, although the Koreans are not on it, and this is something. It's only listed against BTC on Upbit. It's not listed against any fiat or any. That makes me even more bullish. So it isn't listed on KW. Oh, it's only on BTC. It's only the BTC pair is listed on Upbit. Ooh. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Let me see. Okay, maybe we're on to something. Maybe you're right. Maybe we're on to something. Just check. I just used the API to pull the data. One moment, one moment, one moment. One minute, one minute, let me see something. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

01:13:51
What is this going, by the way? Are we on to something here? NKN, new kind of network, is another focus on creating decentralized and open source network protocols for public blockchain-based peer-to-peer. Oh, that's nice. To share network broadband internet connectivity. Its main objective is to address the challenge faced by today's internet. Oh, okay.

01:14:22
Oh, well, here it comes. NKN was founded by Yambo Lee. Now it comes. And Bruce Lee.

01:14:36
Oh. Well, Bruce Lee with L-I, not L-E-E, but L-I. So we got Bruce Lee in the house, guys. So Bruce Lee is behind this project. And, you know, when Bruce Lee gets angry, then you'll see. So. Bruce Lee is no guy, really seriously. So let me, let me be super honest with you, guys. So I, you know. So, this is great! It's number one. This is really super great. So, I love this, that's this is number one; I love the I love you know, I really love the market cap. Super bullish on the market cap. The only thing that's not coming together here is that it's already an old dock. It's already an old exchange available. So, that's, you know, you're not going to get that listing pop. It's not going to happen. But let me tell you this. If, not if, I think that it's a question of when. When the KRW pair gets listed, I think this thing will go bananas.

01:15:58
I truly think that this thing will go bananas because let me check, let me check one moment because this is something I want to teach you guys because you guys have no clue-you have to see it like this, guys. Um, Upbeat is listing these coins but they, you know, like you know, like now this uh, but but, Like now, it's only on BTC. But then out of the sudden, they did it, by the way, very good, good, good, good. Let me give you guys a good explanation. Let me give you guys an example. This is an example. Oh, nice short, by the way. Remember how deep, Mr. Deep, how deep, deep could go? Well, Deep went very deep. No, guys, listen. Look at this. Let me move all of this.

01:16:55
So, 22 April. Oh, yes. And this was a surprise. This was when the KRW was listed. So, the Koreans could buy this deep with their currency. and the pump was so hard they didn't even retrace it look pump pump pump pump pump boom pump pump and then here and they're still holding it it didn't even come back so why am i saying this why am i saying this so if this mkn if this coin you know you know you know so Was it the 20th that they did the NKN? Let me see. Let me check. 16th of April. No, 16th of April. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know when they listed this BTC pair, but listen guys, if, if, because basically this coin has got a lot of, this coin is, you know, based on what I'm reading, there could be some nice fundamentals there.

01:18:18
But even more, this was a nice buying, 33 cents, by the way. So this thing already did like, how is the volume? What is this? This thing already done like 30%. But, you know, if this thing, and I think, you know, this is what I think. This is what I think. You see these people? You see these people that are romping this up? Holding the price, I think these people are preparing themselves for the KRW listing, that's what I think uh uh. Can you ask uh the decks to stop pumping please? I don't think I have that kind of power; you are you, I think you are German, no uh, you're just so, just talk to the damn thing. Tell her to stop it! I live in Switzerland, so it's quite far.

01:19:14
I can't scream over there. Someone from the chat from Germany, can you please ask them to stop pumping? Dennis, that's your job. No, no, I cannot. At some point, I just can't. I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. At some point, it's just too much for me. Let me see. Look at this, guys. Are you seeing this? When did we start the stream? Over here, I think over here. Here look at this, look look look! I see this; these guys are just freaking look at this-these guys are just freaking monsters, you know. Here's Powell, that's just what they do; they can't help themselves, even if they want to dump it down; they just can't. It's just like a magnet, so over there. This is Mr.

01:20:15
Powell, over here, you know, sitting doing whatever this is doing and this is was it-it's just like you know he's sitting over here come, come to Papa, come to Papa! They keep bumping it up, so the Dexy what is taxi doing? Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Look look at Dexy; look look taxi, taxi go baby go baby go baby! Oh, baby, it's Jesse Knights. Look at the five minutes-this is just a five-minute guy. I think it's also when we were talking about it was I think over here somewhere indicator, let's just go, let's just go! So, um, if you're making a lot of money over here, just you know loop; ring what's with looping? No, it's not 600 volume today, but no, it's up 600%. Ah, it's up 600%. Yeah. Ah, okay. No, volume up 600%. Oh, I see. What is it looping? Looping, looping, looping, looping, looping, looping. Looping is on my long ETF, by the way. Yes. So why is it pumping if it's on my long ETF? Is it making?

01:21:44
So looping is basically doing what it's always doing when it pumps, it pumps very hard. It's that simple, but is there any reason for this pump? Let me see if there is any update from the Koreans, no it's not the Koreans doing this, no, no, no, I don't know, I don't know why looping is doing this, but looping guys keep an eye on looping, don't, don't short looping, looping is explosive, uh, just stay away and loop ring is at the bottom, so we never short bottoms. Look at this, look at this, so loop ring is very explosive, guys, but loop ring is also a coin that you can trade on the indie on, you put it on five minutes, just like Dex, you know, but this is no even on the five minute, look how it's looking.

01:22:31
So we have to go to the one minute now, yeah, there you go, you see this, look at this, guys, this is the indicator at its best, even on the one freaking minute, look at this. This is under one minute, this is FOMO, guys, this is FOMO, so yeah, this is just under one minute, just ride the thing out and I think that loop ring you have to eye the five minute, this thing by. Like maybe 30 minutes when it's cooled down, it'll hit the five minutes, and then where you can trade it, so I would. If you're gonna trade loop ring, don't look for shorts, don't just, don't just look for long. Long loop ring is a dead project; it only wants to you know it has got like momentum for like you know two days, three days, maybe seven days, and then you know, and it dumps down. Unfortunately, but I love Loop Ring. But look at this on the one-minute mark, okay guys. I really have to close it up, so keep an eye on MKN; keep an eye on Looper Ring. And, well, I love you all. Until the next live, and, yeah, let's wait what's coming up on GTC Insider. I'm very curious, just like you guys. Have a nice one. Thanks for watching, and bye-bye.