*** Live Stream 03-27-2025 Altcoins ready to Dump !! *** 

00:03:44
Welcome, welcome, welcome, MWM. Welcome again to Trading Crypto. Welcome, retail firm. Welcome, retail firm. This is the music of money. Money sounds like this. This is the sound of money. And when you hear this sound, you know, oh, we're probably getting paid somewhere, somehow. I don't know.

00:04:14
crazy crazy guys you guys are crazy you guys are crazy okay well yes yeah yeah you know what you know you know it's it's just what it is when you know when you work hard when you make money as a result uh you have every reason to be happy about you have every reason to be singing listening to music do whatever it is that you like to do because you know you have to always prepare for what's coming and you know when you're prepared because you know a lot of people they're they're trading or they're investing in the middle of the in of the heat you know they're inside of now you have to see it like this as a big pot of whatever you're cooking out there and you're just in the middle of the pot surrounded by a lot of ingredients and you know and you're like okay well what should i do no that's not how it works bro in trading

00:05:07
trading first like this you know all these top chefs they've got these two chefs you know you make me some carrots you make me some this you make Me some that you know everything gets prepared, everything gets done. You calculate it; you wait; you know everything is and then you go cooking. And then everything's prepared; timing is perfect; everything is perfect. It's the same in trading: you have to prepare. So first of all, I want to say something to the new members. Some announcement I have to make. Some things are going to change in GTC. Some things are changing. First of all, I'm going to get someone to help me control all of this so I get more time to do what I do best. Because lately, you know, we're growing and we're growing very fast.

00:06:08
And, you know, the team tries to help me, but, you know, they've got their own stuff also going on. So I really need someone to really start managing a lot of stuff. Someone, I'm going to tell you guys soon about what's in the house. So I'm looking for some help on that. And also I want to make an announcement about, you know, I told you guys I'm working on some projects. And while I was working already on one, there was a new one that came in to my surprise, and I liked it a lot. And I think, you know, you guys know, you can't get me very fast excited about something. But, you know, I think that we're, you know, I'm working on something, you know.

00:06:54
This is especially for the new members and for the uneducated, but also for the educated members, by the way, in the long term. I'm creating a machine; that is, you know, that's the MW style. That's the MW style. So, the indicator is included in it. Everything is included in it. So, it's a machine that, you know, if you want to trade, you want to do safe trading, defense trading, offer trading, and you want to do it the MW style; I'm building something. So, you know, you don't have to use, think, whatever. You're going to get it all in one. I don't know how I'm going to call it yet, but it's, you know, I'm very excited about it.

00:07:36
Also, for the new members in here, the new members in here, you know, I'm getting this, you know, a lot of DMs, you know, it's very strange. These guys, you know, they join the Patreon or they join the Telegram group to join these live streams. You have to understand, you know, at some point I don't, you know, sometimes I get irritated and I just block them. it's just what i do because why because i don't want to escalate thing i want to de-escalate them so sometimes it's just you know i just block them um although there are probably patrons they're watching this live stream and they have been blocked but you have to understand that while i'm blocking you it's not personal it's just you know you have no clue what you're doing you have no clue what you're saying and you know this uh you know

00:08:23
what they do is these these new people that are joining in they think that you know they think i'm their average uh influencer they think i'm their average you know all right let's pay a 50 bucks or whatever let's just join hey hey come on hey bro hey hey bro come hey hey tell me uh what are those signals uh what are we buying what are we shorting what are we long

00:08:58
You know, it's so sad. These people, these greedy, emotional, uneducated people in crypto. And, you know, the unfortunate part is my way of, you know, doing things on Twitter, on my live streams. I, you know, I do them in a certain way that all these futuristic wrecked, liquidated people don't follow me and don't watch my streams or whatever. So probably the same will happen now. So probably most of them, they will just watch maybe one, two, three live streams, and then they go seek for their greed again. And the fortunate part for you guys, by the way, is that 99% are all influencers out there that the only thing they do is they feed greed. You'll probably get whatever it is that you're looking for, and you're probably going to get super wrecked, and you probably got liquidated, and then you come back to me.

00:09:55
Because you remember, oh, I still got that subscription of MW. Yeah, well, I'm broke anyway now, so why not listen to that guy, what he has to say? It sounds hard, but this is just pure, pure facts what I'm saying over here. So, again, if you follow me. So what happens is these guys are seeing those P &Ls. Guys, those P &Ls are made based on what I share on my live streams, based on what I share on Twitter. You just have to listen. But if you are waiting for it, listen. Buy at $1. 33. Short at $2. 132. Take profits at $2. 111. Put your stop loss at $1, $4, $5, $ 6, 7. That's not how I do things.

00:10:49
That's not how it works. By the way, if you're interested in that, no problem. I've got something like that for you. I've got the best traders on the web for that. You go join the GTC Team Traders. How to get them? You cannot get to them because they're not on social media anymore. But if you want, it's a paid group. So you're going to pay money and they will give you something. But also there, there is a high probability that you'll stay just one month and you will leave. Because why? These guys are totally different from all the other, you know, paid groups or whatever it is. These guys are professional traders. So it means that these guys, while they know that, you know, you guys are no professional traders,

00:11:39
almost 100 winners if you know how to execute them so that's how they do things but that's if you want to join them so that option is open with me if you just watched my live stream I don't know what day before yesterday yes two days ago then you would have had the same PNO on layer if you just, you know, if you if you just if you just follow me on Twitter you also see there we go. And, you know, but you have to be educated. So first of all, if you join this Patreon, if you, you know, do it not for the signals, not for the trades, do it for the education. That is way more important than any game out there. Because you're going to get wrecked.

00:12:26
I told you. Remember it. Okay, so that's about that. So please stop DMing me about whatever. If you want to DM, DM me for the indicator. And, you know, also this indicator, there are like three days left, four days, four days left. And then we've got also an end of this indicator. So please just don't DM me at all. Just don't DM me at all. Only if you want to join the trading course vids, send me your UID. Links are in the description below. Trade over there. Volume 100k. DM me or UIT, you will get access to the Trading Course Fits and Free Private Group. And that's it. And if you don't like it or you don't want it, just don't. Just move on. Just go look for whatever it is that you're looking for.

00:13:14
So that's about it. So, okay, what are we going to do? What you're going to do, what you're going to do when they come for you, bad boys, bad boys. What we're going to do, what we're going to do when we come for you, bad boys, bad boys. What we're going to do, yes, we're going to do a market update. And after the market update, we're going to check those altcoins you guys have been sharing with me. Oh, there's so many altcoins. I'm going to do them all of them. I'm going to do them all. I'm going to do them all. I'm going to do them all. Guys, listen. I'm going to repeat myself. This thing that I'm building. This thing that I'm building might be one of the biggest things I've built so far.

00:13:59
You have to see it like this. It's the indicator, but the indicator in the luxury version. You know, with the indicator, you can have the indicator, but you need educational bits about the indicator to understand it. So when I'm building now, I'm building something. And guys, this is really. in my opinion very big I'm building something you know I'm building something you know mind-blowing you can you can remove all those steps from your computers you can remove everything the only thing that you owe you so you want to trade only thing that you need is that thing that's it so everything the MW stuff everything you need you know we're gonna connect all the dots in it i'm so excited about this thing uh no that never ask questions lol yes very good t blue very good especially your questions your question if it's your style question just don't ask questions t blue yes that's all i have to say because you're gonna risk yourself from getting blocked Definitely.

00:15:11
So I don't know if you want to be the smartest in this group now or you want to be the funny one. But it's not so funny because you are one of those people that is asking those stupid questions. So please don't just let me be. Let me be. Don't make me angry, please. I don't want to get angry. I don't want to block anyone. So please just stop it. Just say nothing because you are the cause of a lot of this headaches. Normally, I would block you either directly. So just be glad that you're still here. So let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. A Python bot that Satyajit is creating. Without you working on creating a Python bot like this.

00:15:57
You know, you have to see it like this, Satyajit. Satyajit, you have to see it like this. The indicator is the indicator, but you know to be successful in trading, it's not only about the indicator, it's about connecting the dots and disconnecting the dots. There's a reason why I'm the best of the best of the best on the webs; it's because I connect the dots, the rest doesn't connect the dots at least they try to but I can't. So when I'm trying to build, I'm trying to build you know I'm working with two persons. There's one person I just had a meeting with, I think yesterday it was. And there's another person I've been working with for like two, three weeks. So when I'm trying to, I'm trying to build a machine that is connecting the dots.

00:16:46
So, you know, I can understand that a retailer that, you know, when he comes into the MW style, he has to spend a lot of hours, live streams and with me and step by step, he'll get it. But, you know, if you would have a machine, if you have something that will give you just, okay, bam. You know, boom, it's, you got it all in one. I cannot say too much about it. It's going to be, it's going to be, it's going to be really, it's going to be really great, great, great, great work.

00:17:20
Now you've got all these software engineers to start thinking, okay, wait a minute. ah let's see let's see let's see let's see okay okay so let's jump in so first of all us 500 yes there we go so i know that you guys will probably get some flashbacks of oh mw what is this mw what is this oh yes mw yes okay mw we made it here we call this top okay mw and then we call this uh support zone okay and then we call this one we bought in some coins over here okay and then over here mw told us that over here we're gonna get rejected probably yes and then we're gonna go down from here oh i get Yes, this is what MW said.

00:18:09
You have to keep in mind that this is, you know, I've just predicted the biggest market and the most important market in the world just into details. You know, that like people like Warren Buffett, if he would watch my live stream, he doesn't. I think, I don't think he'd even know. Yeah, but if he would. And use those billions that he has only trading this, what I analyzed the past days, he would have doubled his money, if not tripled. But, you know, who cares? Who cares? Okay. So, let's see. So, basically, what are we going to get over here? So I got this rejection, but, you know, it's also this one-man show of this Trump. I'm getting a little bit annoyed by this, you know, every time the same thing.

00:19:08
So this guy just, you know, he keeps interfering. You know, he's now on these tariffs. You know, this tariff is just, in my opinion, is just one big joke. That's what I think. It's just one big joke. It's one massive joke. I really think that it's one big joke. I think that he's using those tariffs to manipulate the markets. What are you saying, MW? Yes, that's what I think. What are you saying, MW? Yes, that's what I think. And I don't get it wrong a lot of times, as you guys know. So I think that this whole, you know, this whole, this whole crap about, you know, we're going to, we're going to put tariffs. He's just timing the markets. That's what he's doing. He's timing the markets and he's manipulating the markets.

00:20:08
Yes, that's what I think. And I think it's very bad because, you know, at some point, I love what he's doing because why? Finally, those freaks of Wall Street are getting someone big who is attacking them. Uh, so I really like that part, but you know he's just doing something, you know it's it's really scary what he's doing now he's it's really scary what he's doing. So he's manipulating the marks, but you know at some point what I hope this is what I hope this is what I want. I want these marks to just dump down, crash down, crash 20, 30, 40, 50. I don't give a crap; just just dump because why do I need it to dump?

00:20:45
Because when it dumps that's when we will triumph, that's when we will know, that's when every freaking one of you guys will probably get financially independent at least if you're if you're not all in whatever if you're not in the market if you're if you're doing it the w stuff uh the mw stuff if you're doing it that way you're probably I think that that's just what I think. I think that you get financially independent, I think that it's going to be very big; I really think that it's going to be very big. So it's um But where is the 50%? The 50% on the top is over here, guys. We already talked about this a lot of times. But, you know, it's maybe the most important thing to talk about.

00:21:26
So maybe I'm going to repeat it, especially for those guys that got a lot of questions and don't listen. And, you know, so before they're going to ask a lot of questions, I'm going to answer them over here. And if they just watch like, you know, if they do just watch like, you know, 10, 12, 13, 14. Live streams from now and back, they will get answers to all the fucking questions that they have, but no, instead of that, they start fucking with my mind every time, fucking asking those same fucking questions that I've been answering for like a million times. But they keep fucking answer asking them, yes, but this, but that. They think that I'm somehow on their payroll or something.

00:22:08
I've got nothing to do in my life; I'm just here for them to be their personal assistant to to answer that question. Go, uh, do something for yourself if you don't. If you really did everything you can to not find the fucking answers, can you come back to me? Or maybe someone from the retail family can help you? But no, they're just like, you know, he's laying down here at home; you know what the fuck. I have nothing to do; let's ask me a lot of X questions, you know why not? And if I answer, we're gonna ask another question and Another question, ah he has got nothing to do, fuck it, so Let's see. So we've got over here, This is 20, This is 20, Look how scary this is, This is 20.

00:22:50
So while Trump is really destroying, fighting, doing whatever it is that he's doing, we still, it's ridiculous in my opinion. This is really ridiculous. We are still, we dumped 10% and then we pumped up 5% again. And then now we're hopefully going to this 11, 12%. But, you know, it's nothing. It's just nothing. It's nothing. We need, we need to come down. At least this one. And hopefully this one. At least this one. Hopefully this one. That's what we need. Because if that happens, that's when you start seeing 2x, 3x. Fartcoin. Fartcoin. Oh, Fartcoin just made 70%. And now, oh, headlines, headlines. VAT can make another 80%. Oh, VAT can make another. SPX is running up. It doubled down in price yesterday. Yes, it's incredible.

00:23:47
Then you got all those influences. Yes, we're going to the moon. And then you get everything. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Yes, that's what happens. I'm seeing it. You know, I'm already seeing it. I'm already seeing exactly how it's going to play out. it's like seeing the future you know and then you get all those hype oh let's go and then you know what's what's funny about this story is that you know sometimes you know you got these you got in my opinion like 90 of my images but you know you got this you got these guys you know they don't even know what a support level is or whatever and they are influencers you know so and then yes and then

00:24:33
suey is going to the moon and then you know when everything goes up so suey makes a run up let's just say 50 to 40 and then i told you and then you know you got these retailers these people with crypto hey we found our god you know why yeah he told suey i bought suey and we made 50 on it and then you know i found god just to find out that he's going to destroy their lives totally After it, you know so this is what happens when when when when this FOMO hits in and etc. And then you got this poor soul of MW in the middle of them. Guys, take profits. What? Take profits, yeah. Yes, take profits. Short it. Short it, you crazy moon. Short it. No!

00:25:17
Go away, MW. Get the fuck out of here. Why are you fucking telling us what to do? Go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself, you pathetic, pathetic, pathetic influencer, you pathetic TA analyst, you pathetic trader. Go yourself? We're going to get rich, you know, but you already made it, then x, yeah, I don't give a i'm gonna make 100 eggs, but why you can't, yes, you, and double you go yourself, guys. I've already been there like three times, so you know, i love these guys when they told me, 'go off we're going to the moon because you know, They are paying for all the short emails. You know, it's their money that is bling, bling, bling, ching, ching, ching. So, okay. So guys, but that's, that's, that's. Sounds like you watch, you know, listen, listen, listen.

00:26:13
Let me, let me be very honest with you guys. I'm going to be very honest with you guys. The last time I saw any crypto show is maybe two years back. Really, guys, I don't watch them. I don't follow them. I don't see them. I really have no clue what they're doing. If it's not my retail firm that is updating me about sometimes some things and they don't even do it because I don't like it, it's-and let me be very clear and I'm going to be straightforward. Anyone watching Sheldon is pathetic. Anyone watching Sheldon is pathetic. That's all I have to say; he's pathetic because if if that's the best you can find on the web to follow then you're just pathetic. That's just my honest opinion, and you know-no hate towards it's not personal.

00:27:07
It's just pure business. This guy really has no clue what he's talking about; don't know what he's talking about. It's most of them, but but the so I don't know, don't know another one. Look at this, oh guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. Hi, would you guys watch that guy? I mean, you know this is, you know this is, this is exactly the power of the media, this is the power of the media, you know? You got ran, this is the big marketing guy and you know he, I don't know where he found this shelter have no clue if I were them either way he found him somewhere. You know he told him okay, you go draw some lines on a chart, whatever, and I'm gonna do my marketing things and you know this is the power of the marketing so this because of these marketing skills of people they end up with children.

00:28:02
So it's, you know, it's, it's, you know, it's, I don't know how to say it. This is the market. This is the power of the market. Do you understand how powerful marketing is, the marketing machine? So they decide who you will find. They decide it. And then that you found the worst of the worst, they don't care about that. They don't care that you found the worst. Just get wrecked, you know, or maybe they want you. And Ren, and I'm always saying this, guys, I keep repeating myself, but let me say this. So I respect Ren for this. Ren is the only big account on Twitter and on YouTube, the only account that acknowledged Alpha when he saw it and he acknowledged it.

00:29:02
And he, I don't think he shared, he said it maybe like three, four, five times. Really big, big respect for Ren. That's why I'm always, you know, if it's about Ren, I say what he does wrong. I don't give a fuck. I say it. But I always do it in a manner of, you know, I'm a little bit tempered when it's about Ren. Because the guy, I don't agree with a lot of things he does. But at the same time, I do respect him also for the other side that he has. So it's a little bit double. You know, it's a bit of a double. It's a little bit of a hate-love relationship. But if it's about Sheldon, it's very interesting.

00:29:36
So let me let me see uh uh let's see uh look at this so well yes he actually gave you the best and the worst so I have to thank this guy he gave you the best and this is the best and the worst that's what he did he gave you the best and then he gave you the worst so okay guys enough enough enough we have to uh We have to get into the charts. Okay, so let's see what's going to happen. Are we going to get this dump? We should have got. You know, every time when this thing starts ramping up again, even if it would break up, it's just like we say in Dutch, it's uitstel van executie. Uitstel van executie. So the Dutch people in the chat, translate please.

00:30:29
Uitstel van executie. Uitstel van executie. Out, still fun execution, so the more these things ramps up, this is just out, still fun execution, so um, if this thing wants to ramp up, no problem, I'm going to trade it, you're going to make money, you know. If they don't want to ramp up, we got to fill up more shorts and we just got to kill it, that's what we're going to do, but if it decides to just, just, just come down to the red zone for just for starters come over here bro, come over here bro, come bro, don't be shy. But the best, best case scenario, it's a torture so you, we need this, we need not, not this and then this and then this is torture, this will torture the markets, this what we need is we need just, we need this, this is what we need or maybe even this or this or this that's what we need, that's the best case scenario.

00:31:25
But listen, guys, I want to say something, we got also today, is it today or tomorrow or tomorrow, I was wrong, wait a minute, did I say today until I said today, oh I think I'm totally wrong, totally wrong, I think it's tomorrow, it's tomorrow, I made a big mistake, guys, I made a big mistake, I made a huge mistake, guys, um, it's tomorrow not, not today, I think yes, it's tomorrow, oh I made a big mistake, yes because because it's always the last. friday it's 28th i think yes it's the 28th in my opinion so it has to be tomorrow um let me see let me see let me see them it's tomorrow guys Why did nobody tell me this? It's tomorrow. Yes, it's tomorrow.

00:32:31
Because, you know, but why did nobody DM me about MW? It's not today. I didn't say that expiry. I just say it's a big day for Bitcoin today. Yes. My mistake. My bad. My bad. My bad. Also, this destroyed my timing, by the way. Oh, this is a mistake. It's tomorrow, not today. Tomorrow is the expiry. We got this one, so Bitcoin, Bitcoin, uh, we already talked over here, you see. I, you know, I already said it in the previous live stream, it's 28; I don't think I don't know why, in my head it's on today, I really don't know, so no, no, so this is right, this is right, so here, the line I put on the line, here, guys.

00:33:13
I really uh, you know if if if if the bulls will not push this price up by tomorrow then things are even worse than I thought, I'm just saying if things if the bulls will not push this price up to at least the 90k between 90-94k by tomorrow, then things are way worse than I thought. So, I know it's you know it's pretty sick to say this but you know it's also related to this one. How is this one? Is this one going to hold? Because if this one is going to, you know, push down, Wall Street will probably not allow Bitcoin to make this move. But, you know, with this expiry going on, it's this one, guys. Just for you guys to understand. Let me show you. Let me show you.

00:34:07
Let me show you. Let me show you. So you guys can understand. It's this one, guys. This one is going to expire. Oh, that's a red one. we're going to close in the red. So this one is going to expire, guys. I mean, we've got another shot, more data, yes. So this one is going to expire at four. We have three and one at four and one, one, one, well, this is one oh! By the way, guys, if we were gonna listen to this news that we're seeing-by the way, it looks like Bitcoin, it should be at a million bucks by now; it's so crazy. But for those who focus, follow me, you know it's not about it's all about leverage, hmm-mmm, okay, okay, okay, okay! So this thing is probably gonna or maybe they're gonna put it in into green-could they still have a day? They can do it easily; everything is possible with

00:35:47
Where's my in the animal thing, by the way? Ah, there it is. Oh, Spike, down to here would be great, Spike, oh, it comes beautiful. Oh, it's looking so good Beautiful what a beauty what a beauty what a beauty this is it is

00:36:16
get this look at this look at this look see look see look see how if you go to the weekly no the weekly is done so oh look see looks oh oh oh guys don't underestimate the mw indicator on higher time frames just don't don't it make you life-changing money i'm just saying it it made me life-changing money so why would it make you like hmm look at this guys look at it nice nice how much is this yes yes we've got everyone is buying bitcoin everyone the whole world is buying bitcoin yes i i don't understand that there is any bitcoin left in the world based on all the news that i'm reading on x everyone is buying bitcoin everything bitcoin bitcoin bitcoin 30 percent This is 30%.

00:37:16
And on the top, it's, you know, this is just normal for Bitcoin, by the way. These numbers that I just showed you. If you would go into history over here, it's normal. If you're going to do it like this, this was the big one of the FTX. This was the 77%. So this thing would come in line with this dump. So this dump, I know, guys, I'm starting to get a little bit crazy now in my analyses. Listen, this dump, if you want to get a continuation dump of this, so based on the numbers and the mathematics, it could come in line with this dump. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Use this one. This dump comes in line with this dump. And then you got this. This nasty liquidity level over here, so if we would let's measure it, why not let's measure this one, let's do it, let's measure it, why not?

00:38:36
It's the same, guys. I told you. I told you that my mathematics, you know, sick mathematics. This was 75. I told you this 50 would be the same like this. I knew it. I knew it without measuring it. But you see how crazy this is? These are the mathematics of TA, not someone drawing a trend line and showing the stochastic horizon. You have to see it like this, guys. When you see someone showing you a trend line with a sarcastic RSI below it, you have to get, is there nobody, do you guys, you guys all have got healthy brains inside your heads. Do you? You do. So, you all understand that any kid of five, six years old going to school from the primary can do the same.

00:39:26
He can make a trend line. Using some you know in the stunt line and then you can put on just click on a button they get stuck because the car is i and then at the bottom of the scarcity car aside that could be a potential reversal, you can buy that. You guys all understand that you feel me? You guys all understand that really a five, six, seven, eight year old can do that. I'm just saying so. But this, this, this is beautiful! So we first pointed out this level, and then, you see, it comes. Okay, guys in the chat, what are we going to do if we're going to hit the blue zone that we have been waiting? Because this zone is already pointed out here. Want to see it?

00:40:19
Not this one. Where is it? I've got a chart pointing that out. Not this one. Where is it? Where's my chart? There it is. No, it's another one. I've got another chart. I already pointed this out. But guys, are you seeing this? Cell organs. Yes, definitely. Yes, we're going to cell organs. That's exact. No, no, no, no. I don't think that this is cell organs. Cell organs is this one over here, 48. I don't agree with this one. No, this is not cell organs level. No, definitely not. Uh, over here, this is cell organs levels this one, this is cell organs levels this one, yes this or lower so this until the 40k, this is cell organs levels in my opinion, my opinion, in my opinion, I might be but this is just being super bullish, you know, so let me remove this back down okay.

00:41:14
You come over there baby and now we're okay. A bitcoin could you get us to this level? It could you this blue level. I know that one of our retail fan members, his name is Mamach, will be very happy if that happens. And I think that a lot of people will get very happy. But, you know, you have to see it like this. We ain't that far. It ain't that bad. It's that bad. It's just 32%. Just 32%. Just 32%. But we already dumped. What is this? Oh, this is not so much. No, no, no. We are at 20%. It's a lot. Guys, you have to keep in mind that. So, if on the bigger timeframes, if we're going to travel to this zone, in the meanwhile, we're going to make sick money shorting the crap out of everybody.

00:42:01
So, just keep that in mind. That's what we're doing now. That's what we did with auction, with layer, with a lot of, you know, it's got on and on and on and on. We're going to do it. We're going to talk about them in a moment because I've got your list here on the right. Do you see? All your outcomes are over here. You see they're ready. They're ready and steady. So, don't be worried. I just want to take my time to, you know. i want you guys to be i want you guys to see the bigger picture before you go into the small picture you have to see the bigger picture first so why am i talking about the bigger picture today it's basically because um uh when uh expires happen tomorrow it you know um uh it's it's risky it's risky to be trading you know markets could turn listen if you're you know if you're just uh

00:42:49
trading an altcoin just like layer for example you can make money you you hire up your stop loss and gain so you're just trading it you make money with those scammers so that's no problem but you know but it's it's very very like if you're a high volume trader you're trading bitcoin for example ethereum or solana or whatever um it's not a good idea to do that on uh on expiry dates and if you're active trading if you're active trading so if you are really uh if you're active trading and you are uh you're on the charts that's when you can use the indie get go you can also make a lot of money by the way so um so that's the style that's how you have to do it

00:43:46
you know i said it on twitter yesterday i think instead of asking questions listen first so if i already answered your questions like a million times and then you know whatever i'm gonna ask a question either way i don't give a i'm just keep asking you know i've got nothing to do in my life i'm just gonna keep asking listen So instead of asking, instead of using your mouth by asking or your fingers, use your ears. Listen first. Try to think for yourself. And when you don't figure it out, you got also the read of them or I'll answer it. And if I see that's a solid question, if I see that's a bullshit question, then yeah, you'll probably get a lot of bullshit for me too.

00:44:36
So if you're going to use the Indie, by the way, You see this? This is the level also that I'm eyeing for the, this is the level, the make and break tomorrow for the expiry. Because the expiry, the pain level is at 100k, I thought. Yes, I think it was at 100k. This is the pain level. You don't understand what pain levels are and what expiries are. You can do some research on them and learn how to read it, but it's not that important. But listen, do you know Alpiman? This is for Alpiman. Every time I see this indicator, I think about Alpiman. By the way, Alpiman changed himself from trading and working. He's now a comedian. So, what he does now, he's now getting on my Twitter page, and he says the most stupid and weird things.

00:45:33
So, he's like sort of our clown, our Irish clown. So, Alpiman is our Irish clown now. Maybe his wife told him, listen, Alpiman, you're so funny at home. Why don't you go be funny for the RetoFam? So now he's playing the funny guy. Okay, so we got Alpiman. He's our funny guy now. So he's making a lot of jokes. So even if you don't like the jokes, sometimes just respond to him and give him, you know, we have to, you know, he's our RetoFam member. We love him. So we have to keep him with us. So we never have to give him the feeling that he's not funny or whatever. Just keep supporting. Support Altiman. Support Altiman. Keep supporting him. I hope you'll ever forgive me, Altiman. No, listen, guys.

00:46:25
So this is the level. You know, guys, I make a lot of jokes. I say a lot of weird stuff. But in the middle of that. I give you guys the best offer you can get ever, ever, ever, so don't be worried, I'm sorry in advance if you have to go. I bring new followers in at some point, I'll be man, you know. Being funny is one thing, but sometimes you know, please don't go in the direction of the Joker, you know that's when things get scary, you know. As long as it stays healthy, then we're all supporting you just don't go into the psycho-funny, you know, just don't do that. I'll be right, no, no, seriously guys, so this is if in my opinion, if they want to push it, this is the level they are the one they're going to push it, but so, but you know, the only thing is that that is disturbing or analyzed today is this thing, this thing has is disturbing on analyze now, uh.

00:47:30
This trump the timing of Trump came at a right wrong timing, you should have done this uh tomorrow, end of the day, end of market that would be great and you would have, have this thing go up, and then you got, you know, that's that because the only reason by the way, why we are above daily indie over here these above it, we're trying to get stay above it but the only reason is the Expiry in my opinion, if the expiry wasn't happening tomorrow, I think we would be traveling around 79, 78, 80k levels. I think that we would be here, this is just expiry holding this thing up so uh yeah so it's you know the only thing that normally I would say you know I know it's gonna happen this is gonna happen boom boom boom boom but at this point These guys are really a little bit, you know, connecting the dots.

00:48:22
These guys are disturbing me a bit. But, you know, it's enough about this, enough about this. So for now, we just trade the low timeframes. Keep in mind that we might. But if, by the way, I want to say this, if we're going to reach, if we're going to get close to the 90K, 90 to 90K, a lot of shitloads of shorts will get opened. I'm just saying. don't shoot the messenger, so before anyone, anyone new member tomorrow goes into my Twitter feeds, we're gonna talk about what altcoins you're gonna hear that from me in a moment and I'm telling you if we're gonna get close to whatever it is to these levels, a lot of shorts will get opened.

00:49:15
So talking about shorts, we're gonna get into the soil I want to talk about some other things also but we just don't have the time. We've been talking too much about Alpamon. Why are we talking about why are we talking about why are we talking about all people talking about all the ones? I'm sorry, Rosie, I'm sorry that you have to go but you can watch it later okay. So uh let me first of all start with this one by the way this one I think that this coin is that that Wizard's coin, wizard uh is shilling this thing to death so um I don't know, this is a meme coin uh what to say? I think you know what do you want me to say about this?

00:49:57
I think I need I need a chart with more with more uh with more data on it if we can find it but you know. So, let me see Polynex, if we get more on Polynex. Yes, we got more on Polynex. Okay, a little bit more. So, this coin, you have to see like this. This coin goes out, and then my buddies from the Netherlands start shilling it to death, and then they get paid, and retailers over here, retailers get wrecked. Wrecked. Okay, it's just, this is just, you know, I've got friends of mine, friends of mine, friends, my, really, really my friends in the Netherlands. They don't know who I am. They don’t know I’m a molecular. I don’t even know if they know I’m a molecular.

00:50:54
I don’t know. I don’t know. And these are friends of mine. They have been getting wrecked over here. And they’d go, oh, listen, I’m Dobby, but why your friends? Why did you warn them? I cannot warn them. It's impossible. And even if I would, they wouldn't believe me. Maybe they would believe me if they, you know, if they would know I'm Willkiller. Then maybe they would believe me. But they don't know I'm Willkiller. They just know me, the personal side of me. So they wouldn't believe me. What do you know? Shut the fuck up. We're following the wizard. We're going to the moon. You know, shut the fuck up. So I know, and those guys are getting wrecked over here.

00:51:30
So it's just what it is, but you know what to do what to do. I can't save everyone, but you know these guys are getting totally liquefied over here so this thing made a bounce up and you know it's just this wizard this wizard when he starts chilling uh there's a certain shilling machine behind him whatever you know they push the price up so they suck people in and then dump so but let me just answer just for the one that that has been sharing this corner I don't know who it is, one of the Redefined members. Why did I tell you? Why did I tell you? We don't short coins at Biden formations. Skip it. There are like a million altcoins out there. Why would you go risk it?

00:52:14
And I just, you know, you guys keep disappointing me. I keep getting disappointed. I'm trying to build a machine out of you guys. I'm trying to make professional traders out of you guys. So when I say on Twitter, listen guys: what needs my attention never ever ever share me altcoins that are at bottom formation because I know on your one-minute charts it looks like this thing is at the moon so if you're watching uh if you're watching I know I know how it works so you're watching that let me let me put it on the 15-minute chart so you're watching oh my god look at oh let me use this one so oh look at look at this rise oh Well, NBC is mooning. That's how you probably see it. Oh, this thing has pumped so much, I need to short it. You can short it. I'm not saying that you cannot short it. You can short it. You can also make a lot of money on it. Just use the damn indicator. Because if you would own this indicator, I'm just.

00:53:22
This was your short entry. This was your short entry. And this is another short entry. So here you're trading. You're trading. This moves down. Congrats. Congrats. So, but, you know, you make money here. You make money here. Congrats. This is trading on the low end. With all the big drugs, you know, I'm not going to trade on it. You know, I cannot share something online about on a five minutes or 50 minutes. I'll totally liquefy all my followers. I educate you how to do this so also for the new members in here that are thinking like where is the signal group? where are the boys? where are the signals? where are the training group? Now, bro, the ones that you are paying money those amateurs giving you signals-those are the ones I educate so instead of paying money to those scammers, focus!

00:54:24
I'm learning you how to create your own signal group; drop the mic, drop the mic! So, focus and listen, and don't ask questions because the moment you start asking questions, means that you're already putting illusions in your head. You think that you're going to invent a new view-that's what's going to happen. Because nine of the ten times, it will be stupid questions. So, only ask questions when you're confident and you know; okay, I did everything I can to understand this freak, but I don't understand it. And this is a solid question that he didn't answer. I need to ask him this. You can ask me. But no stupid questions, please! No stupid questions, please! Most of the questions, they come out of greed. So, that's. Guys about about MPC MPC guys; MPC Not interested.

00:55:27
They can do it over here. So, we're gonna remove this from the list-boom, another boom! It's gone! Berra! And we're talking about hey, bro! Oh, by the way, bar for the barrel guys. My promise went to one thousand six hundred and eighty percent. So my 2,000 is somewhere over here. Does that mean that I will break my promise? Never, never. I will never, ever break my promise. So just give me a little bit of time. You know, if you're going to do it that way, everything could come down. No, that's not ever going to come down because I nailed the top over here and I made 1,670% with a lot of profits that have been taken. And I'm probably going to do it again.

00:56:20
so bella very impressive so bella is some something that okay this now we're talking now we're talking listen this so let me give you guys this in the chat so everyone please please please please please just please guys if i'm asking on twitter guys what needs my attention show me charts like this and not charts like like mpc so many charts like this so what are we gonna do we first of all gonna see what's going on with better how is it looking are we having some by the way we're taking our times for the ones that don't have the time today go to your job do whatever it is that you need to do and watch the stream later because today we're gonna give you guys you know that was one guy

00:57:23
Sometimes, you know, it gets fun. Yes, bro, because you're paying 49 bucks. You're paying for the fact that you get access. So when I do a live stream, so you get access to watch it. That's what you paid for. And this month only, you're going to get the indicator as an extra above it. But let me tell you, bro. So because you paid 49 bucks, it doesn't mean that I'm on your payroll or something. I need that live stream. I just need it. I understand that you need it, but I cannot give it to you. So basically the live streams for the ones that, you know, for the future, also for the ones that are liking this content, you know, making a lot of money based on my content, the live streams, the original pack of my live streams is Monday, Wednesday, Friday.

00:58:09
That's it. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. So that's, and I'll probably do more, you know, especially in the weekends when, you know, when I'm just. There's nothing to do then I just you know why not spend it with Marito Firm share with you guys a lot of education and an offer but Monday, Wednesday, Friday those are the schedules you know those are the days for the live stream so better so better what I want to see a better better better better guys I'm going to be you know you know you know you know I'm going to be very very honest with you guys you know um so we're expecting this pump up from the expiry maybe

00:58:48
and let me tell you this guy's let me uh you know let me tell you this the team will destroy that that's all I have to say I think I hope that I said enough but the team will destroy that the team will totally destroy that so uh that's all I have to say so if you want to know what the team is going to do this is what the team gonna let me see it aren't they already in there let me check guys let me give Ah, Bella is showing a little bit of you know the scammy. I mean, it's with the waiting for the fundings. Let me see. Let me see. One moment, please. One moment, please. One moment, please. Or is there some unlock going that it's so bad?

00:59:38
It's so bad. Those fundings are not that bad. They're red, but it's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It ain't that bad. I think that I think Team, I think I think that Barbara, uh starting a starting DCA is you know we're closing into start DCA why not it's an investment guys, you're just gonna invest your money, you're gonna get paid either way or better guys. I'm no financial advisor, I'm no financial advisor, I don't give financial advice, uh you should do your own research on whatever it is that you're doing but uh I'm no financial advisor, guys. I'm no financial advisor. So do whatever it is that you're doing. But I think that, you know, over here in this region, this is an investment, guys.

01:00:32
You have to see it like this. Let me see this. It does not work. Why does it not work? Why doesn't it work? Let me see. Does it look like this? Also not. On my Mac, it's not working. Why is it not working? Uh, the Mac specialist, why is it not working when I'm on my Windows if I would do just Alt + I and my chart flips and uh so it gets inverted and now when I push Alt + I nothing happens if I push Command + I nothing happens. Okay, whatever, so it's not working. I wanted to show you guys something

01:01:13
pop, pop, no weeks doesn't have any headquarters in Europe, uh, Wiggle, so um nobody in the chat, no okay uh okay so whatever, so uh this is okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, guys if you're going to bury you have to be prepared, you have to be prepared but if you're prepared then yeah, well, whatever, what is going to hurt you, why do that, what is it they want to pump it up to 10 bucks, okay, no problem when I pump it up to 12, no problem. Whatever it is you want to do, just don't go to $100. If it goes to $100, that would be a problem. That would be a problem. But if you want to go to, you know, even if you want to go to $20, no problem.

01:01:58
Just not higher, Bearer. Because, you know, we are starting to get a skin in the game, Bearer. So please don't destroy us, Bearer. Bearer, please don't destroy us, Bearer. Please don't do it. Don't do it because we're going to destroy you either way. So, Berra, listen guys. Yes, Berra. So, our team, if you're listening, you know what to do. So, the next one. Orca. You see, this is what I mean. What? What is this? Whoa! Whoa! Let me see. Is this for real? Is this for real, uh, it's an HMT2 coin, oh this, oh okay, so guys, this is really, this is a scabby exchange, by the way, guys, you know, you know Max C can do is very good at this and HTX is also very good at this, be very careful, guys, this they liquidate you here, this is what they do, they liquidate, see this, this is, you know, this is madness, This is mad.

01:03:09
This is the danger of leverage trading. As you see over here, this was the Orca. But this was also a big. So this, yes, this would be a short. I agree over here, but not here. This is not a short here. We're back to bottom formations. So to whoever shared me this, this is not over here. Yes, I agree with you. This is a shorting. This is no shorty. Look where we are. Not interested. So, it's gone. It's gone. Lina!

01:03:49
This is the Lina, right? There's no other Lina. I don't know why. Lina, you want to show this? Just forget it. Let's go without Lina. I love Lina, by the way, but. Did someone just ask me to short Lina here? I don't know. Do you want me to short Lina here? Okay. I don't know who shared me Lina, but, you know. Whatever. Let's see. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, these altcoins are so wrecked. Lina, Lina. Six million, guys. Six million. I'm going to scoop myself some Lina. I'm sorry, but I'm going to scoop myself some Lina. Not now, by the way. Not now. I'm not saying now. Not now. Not now. If markets dump as we, you know, as we do.

01:04:45
So do some research on Lina, why Lina is dumping so hard, because I really have no clue why Lina is dumping this hard. But why is Lina doing this? What's going on? Is there some news? Is there something going on with Lina? I really don't know. Do some research if there's some life in Lina. Because Lina is, you know, Lina is supposed to be one of those old dogs. I made a lot of money with Lina. Lina should be a solid coin. But, you know, Lina. So we're looking for altcoins to short. And then we're charting altcoins to buy. This is what we do, guys. You know, we don't give a. Fuck about markets;

01:05:23
we don't give a fuck about whoever in crypto; we are only here to make money; we're looking for buying zones; we're looking to buy the blood; we're looking to short the FOMO, that's our style, that's what we do, and that's what makes us the best community trading community on the webs; so, we got this one; this is a sort of you know; we found some support over here but I don't think this will probably not probably this will 1 million percent not hold; Let's see. You know, it's over here at some point; This is pathetic, guys; So this thing is dying, by the way; This thing is just dying because look where we are now, guys; so I don't, you know, how much more can this thing dump? To zero?

01:06:10
This is, you know, this is so scary. I don't know what to say; When should you buy this? And let me just say this; I'm going to say this; So, I don't know what's going on. If there is, if there is, if there is any life in Lina. So, do your research and I would appreciate if you guys share your thoughts with me. Because that's why you're with me. To help me a bit. The Creators Group, do your work. Do your jobs. If there is any life in this Lina. I don't know why it's dumping. I don't know why. But if there is any life, this could be one of your best buying opportunities, trading-wise, to make money because, if this thing comes back to let's just say to that the 20 cents or lower, because this is I'm just sick-this is my sick-I would buy only here; so why do I do this?

01:07:11
I measure this based on connecting other dots. But I would buy this thing, let's say, below the $0. 20. So that's when I would buy this thing. Let's not be greedy. Let's say DCA from $0. 30. Let's say. Okay. So I would start DCA buying this coin. If you're going to do some research, you have to keep in mind that this coin might give you the best returns and all the best altcoins out there that you think; okay, this is the best altcoin. It's not. In crypto, we are traders. We don't give a fuck about fundamentals. We don't give a fuck about shillers. We don't give a fuck about marketing. We only focus on making money. Making money. If Lina could make us a 10x, we're going to buy Lina.

01:07:58
We're going to love Lina. Lina, you're the greatest. Today, Lina is the greatest. We take the 10x and then we go. Tomorrow, ALK is the best. We don't give a fuck. Wherever the money is flowing, making us gain is the best. That's how I want you guys to think. This is how you should think. This is how your mind should work. This is how your mind should work. Your mind should work like this. Money, money, gains, money, gains, money, gains. I don't give a fuck about whatever Alex Becker has got to say. Fuck you, bro. Yeah. You're making money when I'm not. So, fuck you. I don't give a fuck what you say. Everything that you're going to say is because you're making money. But I want to find out how I will make money.

01:08:47
So, Lina, do some research, guys. Lina, one holder owned. That's not good. Matija, that's not good. One holder owned 93% of the token. So, basically, everyone dumped his bags on Lina. Okay, whatever. we're gonna, we're gonna, so Lena is here to stay, but not for sure, it's not for sure, just for buying, so that's why I'm not remote. Okay, let's go to the next set. I have to go a little bit faster, either way this stream is going to get way too long. So, first of all, I don't know who gave me this ZRO, what is this guy's, what is this, this is when MW told you to show it over here, over here, to be exact. So, this is one because why because this is on the MW short ETF.

01:09:44
This PL is still running even with this bounce up; it's still running a lot of profits have been taken, but it's still running 20 is running. So we were shorting this over here, why would I short this over here? Okay, very quick boom and gone. She is CVX oh you guys are, you guys, you know I'm getting so disappointed for me; I'm getting so disappointed, I'm getting so disappointed, you're disappointing me really. Maybe I hope that you meant listen MW CVX is maybe in a buy zone, I hope that you meant that I'm not shorting. It's what are you going to show them, Cvx? Let's go, Cvx! This is yeah, this is that is Cvx or no, no, that was Cfx, that was that Asian coin, okay. Cvx, whatever, this is also by the way, these are all these finance coins they're all dumping like crazy so I don't do your research on Cvx, whatever it is uh I'm not interested there we go Crv! It really did someone tell me 'I know it's in the green', so you guys meant that we should short it. I know it. I don't know for sure. I look at this. What are you doing, guys? What are you doing? You want to short a coin over here? What are you doing?

01:11:22
Oh. Remove. And then we got this guy. DGB. Did You be nice? Did You It was oh this one by Ness. No, I need it on by this Egg minute egg minute egg minute egg minute. Did You bite only only old dogs? They know did You bite Did You bite by the way guys had one of the best marketing team in crypto ever? Did You bite? Oh, we had so much fun trading. Did You bite? So, this explains me Digibyte by the way because I think that yeah okay but this is this is Digibyte by the way you know uh I was here guys I was here at Digibyte I uh you know I witnessed this I also witnessed this but guys either way Digibyte getting some momentum look at this guys this is no short we move

01:12:26
God you have to see let me explain you guys for the words for the one you know we don't know if this bounce up is uh because this happens a lot is that you know the team behind it starts romping up the coin so it gets some attention so it sucks in some money to dump it after this could be or maybe Digibyte is finding some momentum after a very big long accumulation and it gains some momentum it could make a three four five XC so it's we don't gamble we have to do our homework and when you know everything needs to be you know you have to check check check check mw the mw report check by the way this is what I'm building for you the Mw report check check check check and that's when you go into a trade yes or no so this is what's going to happen when i build this thing you know when i build this thing It's going to happen like this.

01:13:20
So you got over here. Okay. You got now that you're trading the MW stuff. So whatever, you know, you're just sitting home and then you think, okay, I want to, I want to short DGB. And then you got, oh, wait a minute. But no, should I? I don't know. Should I ask MW? No. You don't have to ask MW. You're going to use this thing that I'm creating for you guys. You go in it. I want to short DGB. MW, do you agree? And then MW start. Check, check, check. And then you get the end report. No, MW says, it's not a good idea to short this cord. Just imagine owning something like this. Just imagine it. You got, you know, you got, you know, for T-Blue, you want to ask a lot of questions?

01:14:03
You got your own AI robot in MW style. He will answer all your questions. No, guys, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, this is, this is also God. DGB, God. So, I might not do all coins today, by the way, guys. It's just too much. So, I think we got to do two more, then we got to close it up, and we got to do them the next time. So, DGB also gone. Let me do this AVL. Hmm, AVL, nice. Is it a new coin? I don't know. AVL, hmm, AVL, yeah, this, this, you know. This looks like a short. This looks like a short. This could be one of those shorts. This could be one of those shorts. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad.

01:14:53
It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. It's so bad here. More. More. More. More. Yeah. Yes. Why not? This is a short coin. This is a coin you could short. Yes. Definitely. Let this one pop. Then down. So this one's going to hold. yes yes sir yes sir whoever shared this coin yes this is a short coin this is a short coin this is a short coin this is a coin you want to short yes this is check check check you're gonna get those green alarms check check check check check yes i'm gonna get this agi let's see now guys this is no short coin Guys, I think I you know, I teach you know how to read this.

01:15:44
Okay, so this is no short one. So remove There's a long boy Then I got this bulk Aha All could be a short could be a short. Yes all could be a short all could be a short coin Am I getting excited? I don't know we're getting excited Am I getting excited? No, not really. I don't know. We're going to keep this one. This could be in the short one. So, yes, this could be a short one. So, you know, this could be one of those short ones. Could be, could be. I have to dive a little bit deeper in. Let's see what it is. Big time. Oh, nice big time! Nice big time, big time, big time, big time. Oh, also, yeah, why not? Why not, big time!

01:16:47
Hey, big time, hey, hey, big time, hey, big time! Big time, why not, why not, big time, why not, why not! Just tell me, why not! Just tell me, why not! Big time, why not, why not, why not, big time, why not, why not! Yeah, definitely. I love, I like Bitcoin so for the ones that are interested in big time, I love Bitcoin. I love it. Looking good, looking good, looking good, looking good, big time, looking good! Okay, oh, whoa! What is this? Oh, party! It's a party! Pot is a new coin. I only don't have, I don't know the new. Why are you guys showing me new coins? You know that I cannot charge them, so what? What is it? I'm gonna say about it, so you know, you know, I can't chart this.

01:17:45
So the new coin, it's on Binance. Okay, okay, okay! Yeah, I really guys, I really have no clue what why not. You can short the crap out of this phone, we're using the indie. I would definitely short this. We're using the indie, especially it's listed on Binance. It means that you can short the crap out of it, so I would just use the indie for example like this over here, this was your confirmation! This was your short, also look at it after 15 minutes; oh, this was also your confirmation. This was your shout, but just keep in mind, just wait for it. But you can chase this, why not? Why not? Why not? It's listed now. Why not?

01:18:25
So probably this thing at some point you're gonna get these levels tested-this one and then you got this one tested and then after this yeah it's just a free fall. So a good one, a good one for the ones doing the party. So we're gonna get these coins uh we're gonna do them uh in the latest stadium and uh I just want to say congrats to Marito Fam and I want to say congrats to those that watch my live streams and I want to say congrats those that are uh paying for the subscription to watch these live. Streams, I want to say congrats for making I think you can pay now for like two three four five years of subscription if you took this trade and you believed that you did it the right way, just like I educated you to do so.

01:19:06
Because over here, this was your confirmation. This was the retest. Alpima, listen, this was another retest, and this was your opening shorts. And on this dump down, you could have made a lot of money. So if you did that, well, okay, there it is. If you want to donate to the cause, you can DM me. We have a new project that we're going to run now for donations. Everyone who's making a lot of money thinks to themselves, 'oh, whatever,' that MW, that crazy f**k. We want to join whatever this project for charity that you're building. We want to join them. So, you can DM me for that one. And if you don't want to donate, it's all good. I love you either way.

01:19:39
If you donate or not donate, I will love you either way. I don't give a f**k. Maybe you don't. Maybe you need the money for your own charity. Also good. Or if you're going to donate it to charity, whatever it is, you just donate. As long as you keep donating, I think that the gains will keep flowing in. If you don't donate. By donation, don't mean that you need to donate to our project. You can donate your own project, but keep donating, just keep donating. You know it's just money, it's just money. And if you're making it trading, you know, let's just say you made 10k. So what if you're gonna donate 200 bucks or 300 bucks or $500? You're not gonna get poor from that.

01:20:17
It's not gonna make any difference. So thank you all for watching. Have a nice one! And wait, there are a lot of updates are coming up. And I'm, you know, guys, I'm taking a person that is going to manage a lot of stuff for me, giving me more breath, more time to focus on the charts and to share with you guys even more alpha, to share with you guys even more altcoins, to share with you guys even more trades, possible trades. So let's hope this X person will do a great job so I can take a step back and can focus on what I do best because I suck in communications marketing whatever it is-I just suck in this stuff! Just give me the charts let me do what I do best that's all. I love you all, thanks for watching, bye.