*** Live Stream 04-05-2025 Is the dump Over *** 

00:00:00
Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome. MWM will kill a game trading crypto. Welcome, RetoFam. Welcome. We're live. Oh, I see that my screen is not on. Okay, well, we're live. We're live without a screen. And that's great. Live without a screen. There goes my screen. Boom, boom. Are you seeing my screen? Yes, my screen is on. Okay, welcome, welcome, RetoFam. Salsara! Shout out to Salsara. She's with us today. I've got some good news. I've got my new setup. I've got internet. I'm at my new office. Uh, so yeah, so things are gonna heat up, so we're gonna talk about Bitcoin, talk about all too talk about a little bit of technicals about packet GPTC. We're going to talk about for the new subscriber because you know it's very hard for me that you know a lot of times we've got a lot of new retail families getting in, New retail farmers, they don't have a clue what I'm talking about, a lot of times.

00:00:50
They don't understand the Bitcoin shorts. They don't understand the longs. You know, sometimes I'm trying to do my best to like once in two, three weeks to repeat a lot of basics so people can come along. But also keep in mind that I'm going to start up this new beginners. Trading course is really for new beginners so I'm gonna start that one so everyone that's in Patreon or on Telegram watching the live streams will also understand me better when I'm talking about a lot of stuff you know so uh that's gonna happen soon the form will come out soon I'll let you know when that comes out so uh well let the music run, boom!

00:03:22
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? What do I got? We've got GF Blast, Matija, Travel11 in the house, Pedro, Zupac, Alpiman, The Drunk, Rex, GF Blast, Cibueno, Muddog, John, Matija. What do we got? Deathbrick, we've got The Doc is in the house, Evelina. We got Nicky. We got Phil C. We got Rose C. Pedro. Bluda. Erwin. Erwin. Erwin. Erwin. Lamia. Lamia. I don't know. It's Lamia. I don't know. It's Lamia. Let me show. This is Lamia, guys. Lamia. I don't know. There is something, something, something with this Lamia. I don't know what it is. I don't know what.

00:04:09
There is something with this Lamia. I think this is a potential big, big, big trader in the making. I don't know. I don't know why. I think. I think it is. Righteous Luca. We got Roy Gruer. We got Righteous. Righteous. Righteous. Ephron. Salsra. Salsra. Look at Salsra. There she is. Salsra. Yes, yes, yes, yes. We got Mitch. Mitch from Qatar. We got Andrea. We got Cheesecake. I'm looking forward to the beginning of time. No problem, Cheesecake. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. You know, let me just say this. I never gave attention to beginners, to really new beginners. I never gave you guys really the attention that you need. And maybe this is something you can blame on me. Because, you know, a lot of the retail firm members, they are with me for months, years.

00:05:01
They understand me. They, you know, I only have to share a chart and they understand what I mean by that. They know when I say 'helmet', they know what's going to happen. When they see me sharing, okay, you want to do that? They know what direction I'm going into. And but when I, you know, I'm so focused on my retail firm that know me that I forget about new members that come in, new retail firm members that, you know, they want to get into the level that the retail firm members already on. And, you know, but they just don't get it. You know, they just don't get it. What the freak is MW talking about? So that's why, you know, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this.

00:05:38
So I'm going to take you guys step by step. I'm going to take you by step by step. And I'm going to take you guys step by step the professional way. Not the amateur so you know basically you know it's let me let me let me say this: suppose that someone is already trading and he's already you know doing whatever it is or he took some trading course bits or courses or he did whatever he did in his life. It's harder for that person to learn from me because why, because he already does things his own way. You know, maybe he learned it from whoever, or maybe he just developed it himself. So it's very hard to, you know, but someone as a beginner, just, you know, a fresh fish, you know, I just don't know.

00:06:20
If that fresh fish will start doing the, you know, the beginner's training course, you're going to do the right way directly. So you got to be a monster. You got to be the best AI bot. You got to be the, you know, you got to be the MW. So after the training course, you'll get the hoodie, GTC. You know, you passed your test. You passed the exam. You're ready for the cruel world, the cruel trading world. So you are really a GTC member. So, you know, I'm really excited about this. So what do we got? We got Andrea De Caro. She's got Alpiman the drunk in the house.

00:07:07
This Alpiman skill. I love you, Alpiman. You know that. You know that I love you. I don't love your wife, by the way, because she hates me. But I do love you, Alpiman. I do love you. So we got Cheeks. What do we got? We got Tansy. We got Loyal. What do we got? John Doe. We got Scott Sotter. Scott Sotter is in the house. Markelet. Markelet, I'm going to respond to you, bro. I didn't forget about you; I was just a little bit busy past days with setting up my new office. So I'm going to get back to you. We got Muhammad Ali, oh my God, Muhammad Ali, bro. Alan, we got Clinton. We got Nutt. Nutt. Okay. Hello, sir. Hello, sir. Amir Osman, bro. VG. VG from Vilnius.

00:07:54
I really have no clue where Vilnius is, but Nicholas Luperic, let's go. We got Frodo, Frodo, Frodo, Frodo. We got Keir Norman, we got Rodang, Randy Rich. Just easy, guys. You're going to get all the alpha you want. Guys, I never disappoint, you know. It looks like I disappoint, but I don't disappoint, you know. I was having a chat with Salsra. I told her I suck in everything else. She told me, yes, you're right. The only thing you know is trading. That's the only thing you're good at. I never made a secret of it. So, you know, that's what I do. I'm a trader. I'm an analyst. That's what I do. I suck at everything else. So we got Rodan. We got Randy. We got, what do we got?

00:08:41
What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? Thack Ox. What do we got? Bracken. We got music that made me, off the beginning, folks, music that made me, well, what did music made you? Are you a lady? I think you're a lady. So what do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? X, claro we can stream. Bonus, bro, I'm always here with you when I can stream; I will stream, uh, you know it's not like oh wait a minute, oh he has got a page-a page you have to pay money to watch his live stream

00:09:09
and he said that he's gonna give us three and, oh you know, and then I'm just lazy, laying down doing whatever it is I'm doing in my life and then you know, yes I'm gonna do three, no bro if I, you know, if I feel like doing seven, I'll give you seven; I do it every day, it's just that's me, I give uh righteous Jesh uh what do we got abracadabra abracadabra abracadabra, okay so uh let's go, let's go today it's all about skull sata, skull sata, some you know I get this mortal kombat feelings when I hear skull sata finish him maybe you're a figure from multi-combat I don't know, so okay guys

00:09:54
a little bit of education today, focus notebooks it's gonna be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of uh oh by the way, salsa I can't jump in and tell everyone that I suck in everything else just tell them I know you want to say it just say it well he asked me today if he was stupid and I, and my answer Was he a great trader so yeah we established that. So, you know, it's like I suck. Guys, I'm stupid. I'm dumb. The only thing I know is trading. But, you know, every single one of you guys are here for the trading and for the analysis. So you're not here for me knowing how to do whatever it is on a freaking Mac. Good afternoon, AFI.

00:10:44
Tolga Han Kilic. Tolga Han Kilic. Okay, okay. So first of all, beautiful. I was watching this yesterday, by the way. By the way, first of all, let's start where it all started. Let's start where it all started. So the last two more talk. Oh, man. Oh. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Oh, you guys have to believe me. This is the first time I'm seeing this. I was also talking with Salsor about this. I told her I never, ever, ever, ever prepared a live stream. I don't need to prepare it because most of you guys, you want the real me. So I'm going to open up that chart and, you know, what I see, I see it at the same moment like you guys are seeing it.

00:11:34
And then I will say just what comes into my mind, you know, what I think. So that's what you guys are hearing. There's no script. There's no. Preparation or I need to tell them this? Oh, this will maybe excite them, that's not what you got; you got the real me, so I you know, I know that I for sure I know that. The US 500 went down at Friday, so I did see that, but you know, this first time I'm seeing it on a big screen because I was seeing it on my phone, I'm seeing it oh so; whether we talk about Friday, we talk about, you know This is why you guys are in this Patreon or Telegram group. This is why. This is the most important part.

00:12:17
Because you want the insights of a professional trader, maybe the best trader on the webs. And, you know, while I was telling you, Friday, guys, I don't think that this will hold; I just don't think. Because that's why you guys are here. That's why you guys are here. You guys want every freaking time to know what I think. And let me tell you, when I tell you what I think, you know, I get it right like 70, 80, 90% of the times. And that's what is going to save your ass. That's what is going to make you money. Because you guys want just my brains, what I'm thinking. Maybe I need to make some AI bot out of my brains. I don't know. But look at this.

00:12:55
I told you guys, I just don't expect this to hold. And I explained into details, by the way, why I didn't think that this was going to hold. Well, ta-da! By the way, I miss Helena. I don't know where Helena is. Helena should have been making a nice vid about this. I don't know where Helena is. Helena. If someone knows where Helena is, otherwise we're going to put out an Amber Alert or something. So, oh, Amber Alert is only for children, by the way, no? Whatever. So, listen, guys. This is massive. This is trouble. This is problema. This is what I've been explaining you. this is what I've been preparing you for, this is what you know, whatever so for the for the for the for the traders for the stock traders that are making money on Nvidia, on the US 500, on the Nasdaq, on the Dow Jones, whatever.

00:13:54
Congrats, congrats, congrats, congrats, congrats! I hope that you guys are making millions. Congrats because why? Because you guys are not following someone in a suit telling you, 'Well, Nvidia made a new chip and we're going up probably.' You know that bank manager, Eric, the bank manager in his costume, you know, in his hair like we say we say in Dutch, we say it's like a weasel, you know, like a weasel, you know. Nice perfume, you know. Welcome, Seltzer, to the best bank! I'm the bank manager, I'm the commercial. We will invest your money the proper way. You know, the proper way. We're going to do the proper way. Yes, the proper way. F**k your proper ways, you freak. This is the proper way. This is the indicator of MW created by me on this freaking chart. So everyone that's in like MW, how did you create the indicator? I created it on the US 500. This is where the MW indicator was made. And look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Bang.

00:15:12
And now you get all these influencers on Twitter. They always tell you the news after it happens. This is the danger. That's, you know, I've got my buddy Mamar from France. He's also here, I think. Mamar. he watches a lot of these on influence and you know crypto shows he always listen you have to watch those that is telling you what's going to happen the next weeks don't watch those that are telling you what happened yesterday because if you would go to all the all the accounts doesn't matter on x on twitter they will always tell you what happened yesterday that's based on what happened yesterday they will tell you that that day they're bullish or bearish Based on what happened yesterday. So what does that mean?

00:16:04
That means that you're always one, two, three steps behind. He's just filling up his shows. He's making his money with whatever marketing crap he's selling you. And he's telling you what happened yesterday. So you're always two, three steps behind. You have to find those that are three steps ahead of you. The ones that are telling you, okay, guys, well, you know, you know, well, you know, well, you know, you know, you know, you know, you've got this box, you know. Remember this box? We're probably gonna dump from this box. Why are we gonna dump from this box? Well, the reason why we're gonna dump from this box, because some crazy fuck called M. Willkiller told that it happened also here. And it happened also here. So probably gonna happen over here.

00:16:46
Oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh, yeah, but M . W., but who says maybe? No, no. You have to prepare yourself for it. Okay. There you go. So, kaboosh! And by the way, I also predicted this one into perfection, by the way. A lot of people don't talk about this. I also, you know, I predicted this one into perfection, by the way, you know, for the Mannschaft, that Mannschaft, excuse me. But, you know, I predicted this one also into perfection. But, you know, I predicted so many perfections that, you know, I, you know, you know, I don't, you know. People think that it's normal. So, you know, also me, you know. Whatever, okay, oh

00:17:25
okay, the fact that you did predict it is mind-blowing if you think about it but you know, you know who gives a fuck, listen, look at this one guys, look at this, my baby, a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, there you go, 50 freaking percent and look how it closed because this is something very important I want to show you guys, look at the close, There was no buying up at the close. Look at this. Look at the close of it. Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby. Okay, so these lines are now done. Now we go to this. It's also done. Let's go to this line. Also done. So when was the last time? Hey, why is my mouse not reacting? My mouse is doing a little bit. Someone hacking me.

00:18:19
Salsara, are you hacking me? Because my mouse is not working as a chip. So the beautiful part is about people that try to hack me always. The only thing they can get when they hack me is a middle finger. There is zero money that you can take if you hack me. I'm old school. You cannot hack me. The only reason why I can, you know, openly attack. Market makers attack, influencers attack, a lot of powerful people in the world openly, is because they can hack me, but there's nothing. What will they do? They're going to close down my trading view. I open up another one. They're going to close on my Twitter page. I'm going to open up another one. Money, there's no money to be taken. So there is zero money out there. So, okay, you've got to hack me. And then, what then?

00:19:24
This looks so scary. So now we have to analyze this by the way guys because I haven't analyzed this yet This is something we need to analyze by the way So we're going to do it together Why not Why not So this was Corona This was Corona crash So this was Corona Okay And then we had this one We had this one What was this by the way I really don't know What was this In August 24th This was just I think this was I think this was this was just a leverage hunt Because you have to keep in mind listen what I'm looking for you guys have no clue what I'm looking at I know and most of you guys have no clue what I'm looking at.

00:20:17
What am I looking at now? I'm looking at one candle, because this candle has been closed this way, guys. So if you want to shit yourself, now is a good time to shit yourself. Make sure to have some diapers on. Sorry. No, no, no. Seriously, guys. Seriously. I know I make some jokes while I'm in serious analyzing, but. Forgive me. I'm just a sick freak. So I'm looking for a candle that closed like this. I cannot find any. We have this one. This one was pretty. Okay. These candles are not like that one because this one was like, okay, this one. And then we had a dump after. Not a big. This was a big. Oh, you see this one? This one was very big and then they pushed it up to here, and then it closed very best.

00:21:12
But it's about that move up, that's what I'm looking for-I'm looking for that move up over here. We have one continue oh here we have one, this was a big one over here, this was in 2010. Okay so well either way guys, this is looking massive massively put on daily how's the daily look, oh see this Alpiman break above it come back retest it into perfection, she went, you see this Alpiman, it's it's really hmm okay let me see, let me see, how was the DXY looking, how's the DXY looking, looking? Oh

00:22:10
do you understand why I expected that the red box wasn't holding guys, just to repeat myself, Friday it was because of this, yeah I know, I know, guys, here I'm trying to train you guys, I'm trying to make you guys understand, it was this candle that that made me believe that we were not gonna hold the red box so we still, you know, we need to test this. So to test this one, okay guys, I'm analyzing now live with you guys. So to test this one, suppose that this thing is going to get tested. It could also mean that we're going to test this one. So if we're going to test this one, well, this one is going to get tested. That's the moment when you flip.

00:23:07
Law okay so now we go to the I think the the the question that many of you guys are asking yourselves is what’s happening to Bitcoin and crypto because the markets are dumping but crypto isn’t dumping so why why well it could have several reasons. The first reason is Michael Saylor might be buying because if we would look at MicroStrategy, do we have MicroStrategy over here? As you guys can see, MicroStrategy has not been dumping with the markets. This is no dump. So it could be that MicroStrategy is, MicroStrategy is buying some Bitcoin. I was eyeing that. So that's reason number one that we could, you know, we could, whatever. Reason number two is leverage. Very simple. Because, you know, you got now a lot more people that are understanding that Bitcoin is correlated to financial markets.

00:24:08
So what they do is when the markets start dumping, they start showing Bitcoin. So I was checking, on Friday, I was checking the funding rates on Bitcoin. And I was seeing that, you know, there were a little bit too much shorts opened. I saw it on the funding rate. So what they do is, it's the tweet that I posted. You know, some tweets are so important. The logic comes after. The logic comes after. There was one guy on Twitter, by the way, he started asking me, Roger, can you explain? I explain those things on my live streams. So if you start wasting my time on Twitter, unfortunately, I have to block you. So the logic comes after. So they need, if it's Michael Saylor buying, then he's holding the line.

00:24:59
And if it's leverage. They will not allow for markets to come down as long as there are too many greedy shorts out there. So the damage will happen after. And if you trust me and if you believe in me and what I say, you should have the same P &L that I shared on Twitter before the stream. You see the Bitcoin? Wasn't you know, I think over here, over here, 30, 83, or whatever somewhere over here. It's short if you're educated by me. Every single one of you guys should have owned the same PNO every freaking one of you guys should have the same PNO because first of all, every freaking one of you guys has the indicator that's number one; you can see it on four hours I was getting rejected over and over again, every freaking one of you guys knows that.

00:25:59
When markets close red on Friday, probably a lot, a lot of dumps in the weekend, so you know that also. And you know the fact that just markets dumped and Bitcoin did adopt that's so every one of you guys should be already making enough money to pay 10 years of live stream subscription; every single one of you guys should have owned that money now made it today only on. shorting bitcoin because you're shorting bitcoin you're not shorting some scammy altcoin that market makes can pump up they can you know like like make you uh a big loss or whatever this is bitcoin to move bitcoin into uh another direction just if it's for one hour two hour you need a lot of big powers for that so they can they can't just do that it's not that simple salsa did you take the short on bitcoin I did, but I closed it a bit earlier.

00:27:03
Okay. But you closed it earlier, but you know that the Dutch Sunday afternoon, we didn't get it yet. Yeah, but you know, I live in a different time zone and my internet is really flaky, so I'm a bit scared for some trades here. Guys, guys, maybe, you know, a salsa isn't made for this. I need to get Alpiman. I need to get Alpima, because Alpima can go in very hard. You know, Salsa is a lady, you know, and I'm a gentleman, so I don't like to push hard on the ladies. If Alpima was a sidekick, I would just destroy him live now. But you should have taken that. And, you know, also keep in mind the Dutch afternoons have been working for us the past two months or three months.

00:27:54
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, so the Sunday afternoons have also been now it's too late now we're already done now I have to wait for the readers but listen, guys, just trade the indicator; just try to indicate it, it's that simple and you know you have to start operating; you have to start making money. We're going to talk about outcomes in a moment; just easy, easy on me, but you get the indicator. But listen, these like these opportunities, like you know over here when they're fighting the stocks and you know I was seeing also on Twitter; you got this! Oh well, markets are crushing and crypto is going up, and we are holding; there has been like five million dollars have been added to the markets; you know.

00:28:37
These cockroaches; these you know, also my buddy, my buddy Iran, also tweeted something. Similar to that, you know, this is exactly what gets you wrecked. This is just what gets you wrecked. These disposers, you know, they just wait. You know, it's like, you know, they just wait. Oh, it works. Bitcoin didn't move. Bitcoin is so bullish. You're going to the moon. Yes, now it's time to buy. You know, they don't understand the game. They don't understand how it works. and buy. You know that the moment when they start sharing that, that you know that crap, that's also the right the exact moment when uh, you should short so they make you long, and then you get wrecked again.

00:29:29
You know, there was one time, one guy I told him, listen bro, if you would go out in the morning, you open up the door and there is a big, big tree in front of your house, and then in the morning, you go on it, and then you boom, you hit your your head to it. Okay, tomorrow, you gotta do it again, maybe, maybe you forgot about the tree, but the third, fourth, fifth day, you will understand. Okay, it's just, it goes into your system when you go out even if you're sleepy or drunk, it doesn't matter in your system, you know there's a tree over there, so you go to the left or the right. But the thing that amazes me is people on Twitter or whatever, these people keep fucking them over and over and over again.

00:30:20
And they just keep coming back to them, believing the same crap. It's really mind-blowing. I really have no – you know, I just don't understand it. I just don't get it. I just don't get it, you know. I just don't get it. So basically, guys, we're not traveling here in the four hours, so this is super bearish. But this – this was maybe one of the easiest trades to take into the weekend. So that's why I'm also saying every single one of you guys should have made enough money at least to pay the next three, four, five years of subscription on a Patreon or on a Telegram because this is basically just free money. You know it's going to happen. You just have to be patient. Just be patient. Patient, DCA in, buy, add. You have to believe. You have to believe. If you don't believe, you're not going to make money. You have to believe. And if you don't want to believe, Alpiman, because Alpiman is someone that doesn't believe. Alpiman is someone that likes to trade indicators a lot, and he likes to analyze into the millimeters, you know.

00:31:34
Every single one of you guys should. Okay. You should have made money over here. It's, you know, it's a sin. If you are following me and you own the indicator, you didn't make money on Bitcoin this today. It's a sin, in my opinion. It's just. I just joined what's the safest thing he talked about, long or short. RapidX, you know, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt over here. So you're new. You're saying, okay, I'm just new. But are you looking for signals? This is just a solid. There's no hate. Are you looking for signals? Is that what you're looking for? Because if you're looking for signals, this is the wrong group for you. So enjoy the live streams or just don't enjoy them, whatever it is.

00:32:24
This is just wrong. Because if I explain something and you don't understand it because you're new. If you're looking for signals, this is the wrong group. If you're looking for education, if you're looking to understand my language, it's very simple. And, you know, rapid X, the fact that you are not understanding, if it's long or short, means that you are the one I'm looking for, for the beginner's training course. You are the one. You are the one. You are the one for the beginner's training course. Because you should have. Because if we closed so. You're new. I cannot blame you. You're new. You just don't know it. So I suggest, you know, if the beginner's training course comes up, you have to join that one. But let me just explain you.

00:33:13
RapidX, very, very, very, very, very fast. For you and everyone else that is new, you know, I have to keep in mind that new people just don't understand it. And it's me. I have to explain that to them. So this is basically, listen, the rule in GTC RapidX is if the markets close red, we focus on shorts in the weekends. That's basically the rule. So the rule is when financial markets close red on Friday night, Friday evening. Then we focus on, uh, on, on, the weekend we focus on shorting markets, uh, we also know that we have the Dutch Sunday afternoon. What is the Dutch Sunday afternoon? I call it the Dutch Sunday afternoon, but it's just me, that's the sick freak I am around three o'clock, two between two and four o'clock in the afternoon in the Netherlands time, Dutch time, European time; um, a lot of times you'll see that a lot of altcoins start dumping.

00:34:20
So, that's the Dutch Sunday. I hope that helped. I hope that helped. I hope that helped. I hope that helped, RapidX. So, okay, guys, where were we? So, we were over here. You know, guys, let me go. Why not? Let's dive a little bit deeper. Focus. So, if you don't know what PaxGPC is, this is for the new people in here. This chart is is is gold versus Bitcoin, so uh basically what you're seeing over here is: if this one goes up, it means that Bitcoin goes down. When Bitcoin goes down, crypto... You know, guys? I know that maybe for some people over here it's it's not uh, you probably think uh, but for some people they they don't understand this, especially new people, that's why I'm gonna start this It's this beginner's trading course.

00:35:21
You have to understand that if Bitcoin goes down, altcoins go down. Because some people, they still don't get this. They think, oh, well, you know, Solana is going to moon. Yes. Okay. Well, why is Solana not going up? And then you see Bitcoin going down. They think that Solana lives its own life or Ethereum lives its own life. For sure, you've got like max five percent of the altcoins they sometimes go against bitcoin but you know it's not about that exceptions it's about it's about the 95 so when bitcoin goes down your altcoin will probably also go down I know some people they still don't seem to understand this they don't know this you have to go into the beginners trading course vids I will make a professional trader I'll at least make you understand what you're doing.

00:36:19
And maybe even you're going to make some money while you're protecting your capital. And while I'll make you immune to greed and I'll make you immune to whatever Schiller's or your favorite crypto guru is the crap that he's selling you. I'm going to create a monster out of you. So listen, guys. No, seriously. So back to PC, guys. I was eyeing this one. I tweeted about this also. Guys, it's 30% over here. 30%. It's a lot. It's a lot. It's a lot. 30%. Ah, we even got, you know, Mamar. Monsieur Mamar. Monsieur Mamar. You know, I don't know. But if this thing will reach this red zone, start buying. Start buying, Monsieur Mamar. I don't know if it's hit, but if this thing by any means gets just close to this red box start buying I've said it start buying buy buy buy buy buy that's why you hear MW buy buy buy buy and you know if you're gonna get wrecked after it so be it

00:37:41
if we're going to get wrecked after it or so be it, then, you know, we at least tried, you know. But, you know, if we, you know, suppose that this one is going to hit and we're going to, you know, we're going to deploy like 70, 80% of our money or maybe even more. Who gives a crap? And, you know, this thing just goes above it and goes, oh, and we get wrecked. So be it. We tried. We tried, guys. We tried. Because this is when MW is going to higher up the risk. If you want to know, okay, MW, you know, you're a safe trader, defense trader. You make money every day. You kill those trades every day. You called all the tops. You called all the bottoms.

00:38:29
You keep making money and we hate you for it because we just don't understand how you keep doing this. Well, I'm telling you now, if this red zone gets hit, I'm going to buy myself a lot of crypto. A lot of crypto. You know? Boom. I'm going to risk it. I'm going to risk it. So, Monsieur Van Maag, put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. Because this is, guys, by the way, it's a lot. You know, Bitcoin has to really dump hard. Maybe we're going to reach it by tomorrow. Who knows? I don't hope so, because I'm not ready to buy big, but I have to get some funds; I have to liquidate some other funds out of some juicy, juicy other winning trades.

00:39:25
But, you know, yeah, well, you know, yeah, you know, yeah, I think, yeah, I think if this thing is gonna, you know. Okay, well, whatever, so. Let me show you guys something else, yeah. I was going to explain you guys about this chart, yes. So this was also a chart very interesting to see, this is something very memorable but you have to keep in mind that this is just between X, this is not all the markets, it's just between X, that's it. But between X, look at this while we already came down by what is it, 20k, 25k, no, 15, yeah, something like 20k, 23k, 24k, look where we are, look where we are. The shorts are still, you know, just to explain for the one on Twitter, um, if this thing goes up, it means that shorts are getting opened, that's what it means.

00:40:18
So you have to see it like this over here, so suppose over here these were wheels, these are no retailers by the way, these are wheels, they're opening short, short, short, short, and over here when you see it come down, it means that they are closing their shorts, that's what you're seeing, and over here with the longs, it's the opposite thing, so over here, These are now people that are opening longs at This level. So, the past weeks from December, they're opening up longs. So they're building longs. So these Bitfinex wheels, they think that the Bitcoin will go to 500K or 1 million or whatever. So they are opening up longs and they are not closing. Over here, they closed a lot of longs. Over here, they're not closing their longs.

00:40:57
So that's how to read this. But, you know, the longs, I don't care about longs. So I'm going to even remove the longs. I don't care about longs. The shorts is what I'm interested in because this shows me much more than the longs. Longs doesn't show me. So this one. And this one, you know, you see like the VIX, you know, you can compare this a little bit to the VIX. But this one, it's, you know, it's not moving. There's nothing happening. So this could mean two things. What would happen to Bitcoin if this thing spikes up? Michael Saylor. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Listen, guys. We are at bottom formations over here. This is really bottom formations where we are over here. So, I don't know what these guys are planning.

00:41:51
Look at this, guys. Look at this. We are really at bottom formations over here. So I don't know what they're doing what they're planning, but you know, just look at this spike over here It spikes up; you know when that happens. It's the same when this happens. You'll probably get this one to happen the red zone over here. By the way, guys, if you're gonna zoom out, look where we are – see this? Look where we are! If this thing comes over here, Bitcoin will be at $10 or whatever. You can buy a pizza with it. But I think, by the way, that time will come. Not $10, but I think that Bitcoin will go very low, maybe even to $10K or lower.

00:42:40
And I think that that will happen once they're going to liquidate Michael Saylor. That's it. Oh, I'm done? What did I say? What did I say? Yes, that's what I said. I said it. I'm not saying it's going to happen this year or next year. It will happen at some point. And I think that Super Wheels will liquidate Microsoft at some point. They're going to destroy it financially. That's what I think. And to destroy it financially, you have to dump Bitcoin below $20K, $10K. I think it will happen. But it's not now. This is just something I'm thinking on the long run. It's related to Microsoft. But it's just what I think. Don't give a crap about what I think. Don't care about that. So dominance. Oh, dominance, dominance.

00:43:27
Look at this. You know, when I see this, I see so much money. We're going to make so much money. We're going to make so much money. You see this? This is money printing. This is our printer. You know, this is our printer. Money is getting printed, guys. We’re going to make so much money. At least if you have some money left. If you’re listening to me, I’m not being greedy and in a 90% bloody portfolio. But listen, look at this, guys. Oh. You know, I can get so excited. Look at this. Look at this. Are you guys not excited? I’m excited when I see this. Just what if this thing will hit that 70%? Monsieur Mamach, Mamach, if this thing gets to 70%, same story.

00:44:28
Bye. Bye. Just bye. Just bye. Don’t think. Bye. So that's about that. Let me do this one, since we are heading into this one also. By the way, guys, this is USDT. Oh, by the way, did you see? Yesterday I tweeted about it. Did you see that? Stablecoins are no securities out of the sudden now. You understand what they just did; you understand. I know that a lot of you guys will probably don't understand what just happened-what they basically said is there are no security as well, no securities. Mean that you know you probably could be bullish on it so let me tell you this: if people are going to get bullish on stable coins in the US dollar, we're going to have a problem in crypto. You have to understand that.

00:45:22
So that's super bearish, guys. That's not bullish. That's bearish. Because you have to see it like this: if wills, VCs will find safety in their stable coins, then they can move markets much harder because they could sell and buy very fast. It's very good for us traders, but it's very bad for holders. It's very bad for people that, you know. Have a weak heart or a weak weak emotions or are very greedy very bad because you know when people find safety in stable coins, that's when they will start trading hard; they can just buy in with a million bucks and sell at the same time take a little bit of profits to sell it, why because they feel safe. You probably think okay, what the freak are you talking about?

00:46:18
Okay, well, whatever. Whatever. I've seen this. I've seen this, by the way. I've seen this because, you know, a lot of people, they call me crazy or whatever. Okay, call me crazy. You know how I opened up the MW Short ETF? Do you know how I made the biggest shorts in history on crypto Twitter? I know that nobody is talking about it. I understand that because they want you to only see the greedy people in crypto, famous people that get you wrecked. They don't want you to see. The ones that can make you rich, no they'll hide me, they ghost me. But listen, guys, you see this? Trump president, Trump president. Well, they were telling you that Trump, and he-by the way, Trump himself was telling you that also.

00:47:01
Um, he's gonna make crypto bullish or buy. Oh, you see all the circus? You've all seen the circus. I don't have to you know the clowns. You've seen the acrobats, uh, you've seen the the elephants-you've seen them all. While you guys were busy watching that show, I was shorting the crap out of everything that came across me, you know? So because I already told you by that time also, the only thing Trump is bullish on or is going to try to protect, and as he should, so don't blame him for doing this. That's his responsibility as the president of the United States. He needs to protect the damn dollar before it goes to zero. This is what he has been protecting. Look, since he's president, look at this.

00:47:48
How USDT dominance is going up. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. See this? So for Mr. Mamach, put your alarm over here. Put your alarm over here. So Mr. Mamach, you have to keep in mind that you probably want to buy. You know, you want to buy. Guys, I'm showing you when to buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. Buy. I love that GIF, by the way, from the, I don't know who it was from the Rita film. It was, it was a clip from, I think it was from Better Call Saul. You know, that big, big, big black guy, like, like, like, like sleeping on that big pallet of cash. That's us. That's that's who we are.

00:48:45
That's how we do things so but listen guys by by by By I'm showing you everything today about how and when to buy So when you're sitting on a big shit loaded bag of cash. I'm showing you went to buy so when we go surpass this line over here the DCA buy will start You don't even have to ask me. I'm showing you, giving you exactly the charts you need to use to start buying. DCA buy. Slowly. So let me go back to Bitcoin because I need to show you guys. This is also my target. I'm still waiting for it. So I'm really waiting for the 75 and 70K levels to hit. If they're going to hit, I'm going to start buying. It's that simple. So there is no hidden agenda over here or whatever.

00:49:44
I don't give a crap. You know, I don't care what Trump is doing. I don't care about the tariffs. I don't care about inflation. I don't care about anything. We hit this box over here. I'm going to start buying. Because why? Because I've got a big shitload of bag of cash is waiting to deploy. And, you know, I need to deploy at some point. So I'm going to DCA. And if it wants to go lower to these levels, my next box, then we're going to buy over there more. I don't care, but I need to be in, you know, it's not, you know, you cannot, you cannot just wait seeing all the, all the, all the, all the, all the, all the retailers in crypto all wrecked like 90, 90, 95% down on the portfolios.

00:50:23
And we are just with our 100% cash back. Yes. Just watching them. And, you know, well, we hope we're going to do better next time. No, we get, we have to get, you know, we have to get into the game. We have to start getting into the game; we have to start uh scaling in, and you know by scaling in, it's not about Bitcoin, uh, it's about uh the long ETF and a lot of coins in that long ETF. Also, so at some point, we're gonna, we're gonna have to start buying, guys; we're gonna have to start buying. So um, just wait because you know only on those bounces we can make a lot of money, and I know that Bitcoin didn't dump it, but Bitcoin, you know, in my opinion, is just uh, it's just, it's just a matter of time; it's just a matter of time.

00:51:06
And this thing will hit over here; and then when it hits over here, that's when we start buying. And let's see if it's going to hold this level over here for a bounce, yes or no. Because the fact that you're seeing it holding so strong could also be a trick that maybe they want to dump it hard. That's how I see it. Maybe they want to really create a big 10K or maybe even a 15K candle. It's possible. It's possible. So I'm prepared but everything in the blue zone. I'm gonna prepare myself for a bite So let me go to some altcoins also while we're headed on so We had fart coin fart coin fart coin fart coin so I was I was eyeing this one I saw that the team was sharing something about this and Well, I thought to myself They're doing a great job.

00:51:58
So I was eyeing this like this this this this this bearish This bearish, this bear flag. And, you know, I thought to myself, you know, Fartcoin is our coin. And if someone is going to make money on Fartcoin, we are going to make money on Fartcoin. Nobody's allowed to make money on Fartcoin. Only the retail fab, only GTC is allowed to make money on Fartcoin. Nobody else. Everyone else is allowed to lose money on Fartcoin. We don't care about that. But if someone's going to make money, it's a retail fab. This is our coin. We own this coin. Maybe I should buy just all the, all the, all, all, everything on FartCoin and we're just going to make it our coin. Why not? Who's going to vote yes in the chat?

00:52:38
Who's going to vote yes? MW, buy all the FartCoin supply and make it GTC, GTC. so so uh i think that the team made a good call on this one i think they made a really good call they gave a call on the five minute invalidation so i think that the team is in this trade i don't i haven't checked it by the way i really have no clue but i think that they are in this trade so that's about fart the coin i was the indicator by the way showing ah we're testing the four hour beautiful beautiful so uh i think that the four hour will get um i think that this thing will break down i'm just saying I'm just saying, I think we'll come and revisit these zones again.

00:53:20
35 cents, 34 cents. Guys, I'm just saying what I think. You guys are here for me, what I think. And that's what I think. That's what I think. I think that this thing will come down. Or they have to be; listen, if some viewer, some retail fund member going to open up a $10 million short on Fart Cornwell, then it's not going to happen. Then you're going to see a big candle up. Because that's just how it works in trading, but if you know if if it just stays the same and just markets are just going healthy, I think that this thing will break down for now. We're holding the indicator so this is just uh huddle huddle huddle huddle and there we go. So by the way, I was telling salsa about this one.

00:54:03
By the way, guys, I was telling salsa about this one. This coin is starting to get on my nerves; this coin is really starting these Koreans you know. They don't, they, you know, these Koreans, they're a little bit, you know, it's starting to get, I'm starting to get annoyed by these guys. You know, I don't want to, you know, it's just like, you know, that movie of The Godfather, you know, just when you think you're out, they pull you back in. You know, I don't want to get Back then just don't just leave me alone. I'm let me do the trading course vids. Let me do the live stream. Let me educate people. Don't pull me back into the game, please. Koreans, just don't – I'm telling you, you don't want me to get back in.

00:54:48
You guys know that; as no others, just don't let me come back. But listen, guys: this coin, this coin we had, this this is this was a perfect hit, by the way 161 in the red zone over here, a perfect hit. So, this was all I think that's it for this trade; I think that salsa is in this trade, making money. I'm making money – yes, actually, have it open on two different entries on two different exchanges: yes, ah, let me guess, Binance and B2X. Yes, oh by the way, guys, uh, for the ones are very important to tell you this: by the way, guys, uh, what we're gonna do is we're gonna shift everything to GTC Insider. It means that if you want the indicator, GTC Insider.

00:55:31
If you want free private group, GTC Insider. If you want 20 course vids, GTC Insider. So everything is going to GTC Insider. Salsa has made a beautiful form that you can just fill in. It will be checked every Friday and Saturday. It's all automated, and you guys don't even have to wait or to get a message from us. You'll just get added to the free private group. So out of the sudden, yeah, if you're having your settings that you cannot be added, you will be uh getting contacted by GTC Insider, so uh that way it's much easier for me to focus on my work. And, you know, there's another team working on that one. Also, that you guys don't have to wait very long. And, you know, so everything goes very smoothly.

00:56:18
So everything goes to GTC Insider. So if you want to indicate a leverage trading course with Patreon, Telegram, whatever it is that you want, GTC Insider, especially with the new link tree that is being made, also a beautiful link tree, by the way, updated also on my account. So back to Leo. So, Leo, what do we want, bro? What is what is the plan so later I'm gonna give it one more chance I'm gonna give you my last chance, do whatever it is that you have to do and stop uh freaking around, okay then. I wanted to show you guys T-Rex, so um this is the ecosystem that I've been talking about past weeks, so you guys will ask, oh what ecosystem? What's this is it? Guys, this is it.

00:57:04
Um, this coin will be added to my to my longing deal, but then you're gonna tell me wait a minute, wait a minute, M-W, wait a minute, M-W. You never buy coins that are not at bottom formation exactly exactly, so I do agree on that one. So, but I'm going off the books on this one and I'm going off the books on this one. Why am I going off the books on this one? Because uh, this thing is a monster, this thing is a monster, this thing I already said it. Just never fight justin, justin is the most dangerous will that I know in crypto, he's even More dangerous than CZ or whatever Justin is just Justin is super dangerous and I think that this thing by the way you can see it already because Alpiman look, look Alpiman, this for Alpiman Alpiman look up, listen to me, I want you to listen to me.

00:58:03
This is now your time to shine, Alpiman. Now it's about you. Look how Justin has been defending the line over here. Are you seeing this? On the weekly, this is on the freaking weekly. He doesn't care about markets going down, altcoins going down, everything's going down, falling like a rock. Everything is, you know, all the coins are at these levels. This is where most of the coins are. They're now at these levels. Look where Tron is. This is mind-blowing, guys. This is mind-blowing, guys. Look where Tron is. Just look. That's why I also always tell you, don't short. This thing made a 10x from, you know, in two years. Made a 10x. That's massive, guys. That's massive. And, you know, look how it's respecting this indicator on the weekly.

00:58:57
And, you know, over here, look at this. Let me zoom in. Look. Over here, this one boom up, this one boom up, this one boom up, this one boom up; it just keeps going, so am I going to buy it now? No, I'm sorry. Happy man, I'm sorry. I just, you know, was making you excited and then, you know, got this bummer like 'Oh, I'm not buying.' I never buy FOMO, but I will trade it, and I think that the volume traders, So the volume traders that are following me, the volume traders are following me. You guys should prepare yourself for TRX. I think that you guys are going to make sick money on this coin. You understand? Volume traders, so the real high volume traders.

00:59:46
This is, you know, the Solana that we've been trading, the Cardano. It's not about Cardano, Solana. It's now about this coin, TRX. The thing about this thing, when you're trading this thing up; by the way, no short. I'm not telling you to short this. Don't focus on shorts on this. You only focus on longs. This coin for the high volume traders, you have to use the damn Indy. Use the damn Indy. This coin, I think that this coin, I think that this coin, you know. I think that this coin will be one of the strongest big cap altcoins out there. So that's TRX, guys. So keep an eye on TRX. And this is just easy peasy trader indicator. The indicator is the only thing that you have to trade.

01:00:39
So let's see how is Barrow doing. Oh, Barrow, why? Oh, Barrow, Barrow, Barrow. By the way, guys, for the ones that don't know this, Barrow is my girlfriend. So I don't know. And Wilco's girlfriend Barra is my girlfriend for now, for now she's my girlfriend, I don't know for how long, maybe I'm gonna get another girlfriend but Barra is my girlfriend. By the way guys, this uh Barra, I'm so proud of every freaking one of you guys that took this trade while I shared it, uh you know I just love you guys, you know I love it where you guys make money, that's if you want, you want to see me happy don't make me happy with 10k or 50k 100k, make me happy telling me 'mw I changed my life financially because of your education, that's how you make me happy.

01:01:28
Look at this guys, mama mia, mama mia, mama mia, is there anyone still doubting ML killer? I don't think. I don’t think there’s anyone left in the world doubting me; I just don’t think road with blow Netherlands. So, I don’t think there’s anyone left doubting me. I don’t think there is someone doubting me. Look at this, guys. You know how much money this is? I can tell you that the team made five figures on this one. And I think if we’re going to reach lower, they’re going to reach maybe a dangerous number. But the team made five figures. Look at this, guys. Since the call, 40%. And you have to keep in mind that Bitcoin didn’t dump yet. Just think about it.

01:02:14
Go to the 70k ranges or maybe even the 50k rings between 70, 50 barrel bye-bye better. It's the same like I was gonna show you guys this Friday but I forgot about it, I started with it and then I forgot about let me show you guys let me show because I want you guys to know when you know when when I'm in the middle of the heat when I you know well when things are heated you know I talk about things and I give you guys my opinion to give you guys some also I give you guys my solid uh thoughts on something but by time they all work out all of them but they work out. But we, we forget about them a lot of people they forget about. Listen, my way you told us you remember you told us he told us exactly what happened and it happened exactly. as you said i'm going to show you guys one moment

01:03:20
i'm gonna show you guys let's go let's go look at this guys do you remember do you guys remember listen guys just for the new viewers over here we killed this coin you know we killed this coin you you guys cannot imagine how much money we made on this coin for the new people over here we killed this coin over here this drop we killed this coin over here on this drop we killed this coin over here on this drop and on this drop and on this drop and on this drop and at some point we lost i don't know if they're still retail members that are trading this but whatever but you have to keep in mind That you know when we were shorting the crap out of this coin.

01:04:19
You got a lot of people, MWI, it's the new, it's the best project in the world. It's the this, it's the that. I told them, listen. Listen. Stop it. Stop. Stop being the parrot. Parrot? Do they say parrot? Yeah, the parrot. Stop being, stop saying the same as all those shillers and influencers are saying. They at least get paid to say it. Do you get paid? You're a loser. No, you're not getting paid. So they're getting money to say, Eigen, the new technology, new this, new going to the moon, whatever. Crap out there. And you're just repeating what they're saying. That's a loser, because you're a loser. Because again, they are getting paid to say it. They're making money. They're not holding any Eigen. They're telling you that they're buying Eigen, and they're holding Eigen.

01:05:13
They are not buying Eigen. They are getting paid to tell you that they're buying Eigen. Maybe sometime I need, you know, the thing is I cannot, you know, maybe I should do it sometime. Do you guys know how many offers I get from projects that tell me, listen, MW, we're going to make you, we're going to give you a lot of money. What you have to do is, you have to talk about the project and you have to show people live how you're buying it. We're going to make you, we're going to give you a lot of money. Isn't that I am immune to that greed, you know? And I just wouldn't do that for no money in the world because I will never ever ever make anyone suffer or or gonna wreck another human being.

01:06:03
So, I so you have to see like this: the moment that I take money from someone and I know that you know I'm gonna destroy other people with it, with that money that I'm getting-actually it's blood money, that's what it is; it's blood money! So they are paying me to cut off your heads. That's what they're paying me for. They're paying me. They're giving me money so I can destroy you guys financially, that's what they're doing. So actually, this is blood money. That's just what it is. It's retail blood money. Isn't that all these guys that you know on Twitter, that they don't give a crap and they just, you know, they do this and they're smiling about it and they sleep very good at night about it.

01:06:43
Listen, these guys are monsters and they're evil and, you know, they have no souls. They met the devil and they love the devil and they go to bed with the devil and they hug the devil. That's their thing. That's not something I can do. I wouldn't do that for no money in the world. But you have to keep in mind that these losers, because, you know, I've been getting a lot of hate from a lot of people in crypto about this coin. Because while everyone's telling, I told you it was going up. Listen, it's only going up to dump much more after. They're sucking you in.

01:07:32
So, uh, Eigen. So, Eigen and Berra. Here's Berra. Here's Eigen. You see Eigen? Are you seeing Eigen? Look at Eigen. That's all I have to say. Look at Eigen. Because Berra is the same story as Eigen. The same story that happened with Eigen, that, you know, the same song, the same song that they were singing to you about Eigen is the same song that they're singing now about Berra. Do we got some music? Sounds like we got some music.

01:08:25
We stay cool. MW breaks every rule. Retail fan, we know the sound. Pump it up, then dump it down. No fear here, we know the way. Game trading every day. The indicator leads the way. Pump it up, then dump it down. Pump it up, pump it up, pump it up now. Dump it down, dump it down, we show them how. Thank you, thank you, Celso. Thank you. You have to go. Thank you, thank you. Okay, guys, we're going to wrap it up, guys. I think it's enough for today. I think you just need to be – listen, the only thing that I want you guys to do today and tomorrow uh if you want to make money this is all you have to do, this is all that you have to do.

01:09:04
One hour. Hey, Alpiman, listen! This is all that you have to do: watch the damn indicator, so over here we're very far how do you do that? You go, let's see... Oh, so far. Oh, Bitcoin is looking dumpy. Oh, what a surprise! What a surprise! Oh, it's such a surprise to us. Oh, Bitcoin is dumpy. Oh, we're shocked. But it was holding so strong against the markets yesterday. And that's supposed to be bullish. Oh, yes! And all the Twitter influencers in crypto were telling us that Bitcoin is going to moon against the market because stocks are crushing and Bitcoin is going to the moon. Yes. They told us yesterday, and now today it's going down. Why is it going down? Why? Meanie, meanie, meanie, meanie, meanie. Freaking amateurs.

01:10:02
I'm telling you again and again, these guys are getting paid. You are the loser for listening to that. Look, don't, don't. Maybe you think MW is a dick. I just can't stand the guy. Could be. It's no problem. Could be. I can stand a lot of people about it. But you know what I do when I can't stand people? I don't listen to them. I don't watch them. I don't want to hear them. So if you think MW is a dick, go watch someone else. At least look at someone who is telling you the truth and not getting paid to tell you whatever narrative they're selling you. Just look for the objective people in crypto or in the financial markets so you can protect your capital, so you can make money the good way.

01:10:45
So, again, if you want to join the leverage trading course, it's B2NX below. And I promise you we're watching for the ones that have been DMing me their UIDs and et cetera. You will get a response later today or tomorrow morning. I'm a little bit late because of my office setup. So excuse me for that one. For the beginners course, you have to wait until we arrange everything. And let's see. what number we're gonna put on it and what we're gonna do because it has to go into some collaboration with a lot of uh marketing stuff that we're also starting up and uh gtc insider make sure that you subscribe to that uh to that twitter account because a lot of things will happen on gtc insider and my account will be just you know you know gtc inside is a professional account and my account is just you know the wild wild west with mw breaking every rule and nailing every target and nailing every trade and nailing every prediction that's mw i'm just freely saying whatever the fuck it is that i think that i need to say i love you all thanks All for joining in trade well, my friends, and have a nice one, bye!