*** Live Stream 04-30-2025 Bonus Stream_ Update on Markets & Altcoins and what to expect next! *** 

00:00:01
let's go let's go let's go mw and welcome again to trading crypto welcome retail familia how are you guys doing yes it's closing in it's closing and it's closing in everything's gonna happen i'm gonna talk about the marks gonna talk about gdp i think it's tomorrow yes tomorrow gdp financial markets altcoins koreans our heroes are bumping the markets like crazy uh koreans are really killing it koreans are the only ones yeah not the only ones but let's just say 70 80 of what is pumping right now it's just koreans it's just what it is i keep saying it again again and again and again and you know at some point when it's done when The Koreans are like you know, freak it!

00:00:43
Then, your favorite crypto guru will tell you about it, but for now, uh, we are just chasing these guys up and down. Let's see what they are planning to do, and you know, well, gonna talk about some altcoins from the retail fam also, uh, we gotta talk about an altcoin from the retail fam on the side of GTC Insider. Yeah, so yeah, we're going to talk about a lot. So welcome, welcome, welcome, everyone. Welcome, welcome, welcome, everyone. So let me start. We've got Zaganu, I work at Daniel, Kirk, Raza, Elena, Pedro, Loyal, Michael, Vara, Bakrypto, Viori, Top, Doc. We've got FT, Mud, Doc. We've got Tran, Waleed, Muhammad Ali, Rakan, Yo, Maddy, Glamia, Riff, Bob, Forky. We've got Rajkumara. Yes, straight up. You know, I didn't decide yet if I'm going.

00:01:41
I still didn't decide if I'm going, yes or no. So I thought, I'm going to do this live stream anyway. So I still didn't decide if I'm going or not. So, you know, should I go, should I not go? Should I go, should I not go? I really don't know. But either way, guys, if I'm there, nobody knows me. You know, nobody knows me. It's it's just like the previous or nobody knows me so, but you know I was just wondering if some of the reasons I know that one of the reform members is going; he's already here, uh, you know. It's very, very funny, he asked me, uh, and when I'm in Dubai now, and I'm going to Token 49, and uh, I would really, really, really love to meet you, and uh, I thought well, unfortunately that's not gonna happen, bro, because you know people.

00:02:27
I don't know; somehow people seem to forget that I uh, I love my privacy, so I just can't show my face; it's just as easy, you know. I'm so ugly that I cannot show my face, yeah, no, no, seriously, guys; it's just I love my privacy, so I will not show my face and if I would go there, nobody knows me; nobody knows me; I'm just undercover doing whatever this is I'm doing over there, but you know. and you know there is the bigger chance that i might go i might go you know i think to myself there are some things i want to know there are some people some people in crypto that will be there uh that i want to speak to and uh well yeah maybe i'll go maybe i'll very late so let's see um now you know you know you will not recognize me by my voice bro You don't know me yet.

00:03:25
I can change my voice very fast. At these events, I have another voice. I have another voice. I don't use my normal. This is my original voice, but I can change my voice. I can change it. Trust me, I can change it. So even you will not recognize me in my voice. I've got a unique voice. I know, I know, but I can change it. I can change it; I can change it very well. Hello. Who are you? You know, and you know, most of the time what I do is at these events, my English goes from... what is it now? I think it's now 75% to 30%. So it will be also very broken English. Very, very broken English. It will be; I do is cryptic. I have lot money. I'm willing invest lot money if possible. Sir, your project is good. I don't know. I have a lot of money. I buy crypto. It'll change; it'll change; it'll change; it'll change. Maybe I'll just speak French over there, you know. I don't speak French; I don't speak English. I have a lot of money, but I don't speak English. That's it. You never know.

00:05:02
Let's see what's going to happen. Just stalk you at the smoking section. Don't swear, be careful. I promise you, I've been at several events. They never find out who I am. They never found out who I am, and even you know even if someone would recognize me, so it's not a big thing or something it's not something big or huge or whatever if they found out who I was, so be it, you know. So but you know at least I'll do my best to stay to stay as undercover as possible if I go, so let's see maybe I'll go just for an hour, you know, I've got some things to do, some people to speak to, maybe I'll just go in, do my thing, bang bang and I'm gone.

00:05:44
So I think that this will be Yeah, you know, straight up, that's a good one. I always wear these UAE white robes, I always wear them. I wear them a lot, I love it. You know, it's like, you know, those things are, you know, you have to get the good ones, the more expensive ones. But those things are just like you're walking with an air conditioning on yourself. Do you think that these people from the Emirates are crazy by wearing those things everywhere? There's a reason for that, bro. It's like you have this air conditioning on you. You know, these guys don't sweat. They don't get warm. It's incredible. But you have to know the quality of it. You need the good quality ones.

00:06:29
When you wear those ones, it's like you're walking with the AC on, you know. The Koreans will be there, yeah, for sure. For sure, the Koreans will be there too. That's maybe the persons I'm looking for, I haven't seen it for a while, so it's the Koreans will be there also, but you know it's it's it's it's uh yeah it's gotta be great, it's gotta be great, it's gotta be good. Okay guys, so uh enough, enough, enough and let's uh let's let's let's go to the charts, let's go to the charts. No music today also, I don't feel like music these days, you know, I did no music, no music, no music, no music. So Wall Street is at it again, they're holding the line beautifully, they're holding the line.

00:07:13
Also, on the daily indie just like I showed you guys, so even we are at resistance over here, we broke this resistance, flipped at support, and as you guys can see also on the daily over here. And yeah, this thing is pushing up to the next level, which is that pointed out five cents, so this will also give a lot of altcoins a lot of space to pump more as long as this thing will hold it. So we got GBT tomorrow, so let's see how that's going to react. So first of all, I'm embarrassed, I'm embarrassed on the midterm. so i think that uh we will get uh our next uh uh candles down uh so that's number one and you know i was you know i was i was i was yesterday yesterday i was you know i was i was i was i was uh

00:08:00
i was looking and thinking you know i shared it oh in the morning i think in the morning i shared it yes guys you know you see you see all these you know tariffs and the markets crash the wet crash there is no crash i already explained you this uh while you know i can show it again let me let me show you that was a crash so this was the oh this is ugly let me use this one so this did this this was no crash this was just a retest of the previous all-time high you know That's why I was also saying bye bye bye bye bye at the bottom and

00:08:36
also it was the bottom of the box just like we calculated at the top we hit we hit the bottom also so basically this is just bullish, this is super bullish, just you know, you can see, you can see like something like this, so you can just see like something like this, so, so, you, you, you got this, rise up, you know, we broke, we broke all time high and then ultimate is over here. We retest at all-time high just for the next leg up. So this is basically what's going on. This is the chart if you want to do it without the candles. So without the candles, if you want to see what's going on. So this is just what's going on. It's just up. This was all-time high.

00:09:14
You broke above it. You came back. You confirmed the all-time high as a resistance. You flipped at support. And now you're going up. That's it. That's it. That's it, that's what we're seeing now and you know so on the bigger time frame um what you could get is this you get you could get a double top this is in the most bearish case so this would be really really really super bearish if you would get a double top over here and then down that double top would be very very very bearish by the way guys if we will create a double top and then go down very hard so for for the bulls it's

00:09:50
better if you would just get rejected over here we come back and we flip we flip this support into support we are not what I'm saying if we will confirm this this support again over here and then this could create a leg up you know this could create a leg up if you know wall street want to do whatever is want to do but let me show you also this because this I show this also Where's the VIX? VIX, VIX. Come here, VIX, VIX, VIX. Look at the VIX, guys. I said it in the morning, guys. I explained to you guys already that you can get filthy rich by shorting the VIX together with Beverly Hills. But you have to keep in mind that this box, we didn't reach it, by the way, so this could create more upside for the markets.

00:10:45
But if we would come back to this box over here. Do you know for how long we have been in this box? Look. Look at this. Are you seeing this? I can make it longer. I can make it longer, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Just look at this. I want to show you guys how Beverly Hills is making money for like 30, 40 years. They're making money this way, Beverly Hills. Look. Look at Beverly Hills. And then you ask yourself, how is it possible that these guys are so rich? Is rich people how is it possible that they are rich how it ain't so hard it's that simple what they do is they long the bottom and they short every bounce up or bump up that's what they do that's how they are rich and they're only getting richer and richer and richer by the day every day again rich every time up okay they're getting rich again listen this is from 1990 and I think

00:11:46
that if we had more data, this would be so only this is what is this? This is 35 years. They're doing the same. See what they do? Short it, short it, then over here. Every time it goes up, short it, up, short it. You know, because most of the times they're only short. They don't long. Short it, up, short it. And, you know, I can't keep, let me see. Look over here. Look over here. Up. Short it. Up. Short it. You know, these guys are, you know, they do it the MW way. They don't get liquidated, by the way. Look at this. Short it. Short it. Short it. Short the crap out of it. And again. And again. Short it. Every time. When this thing goes up, they are ready.

00:12:37
Short it. Short it. Short it. Short it. Look at them. Look at this. Short it. This was the jackpot, by the way. This was the Corona. No, no. This was the financial crash. Short the crap out of it. After it. Short it. Short it. And they have been doing this for like 35 years. They're doing just the same because you spend just a little time at these higher ranges. So this is just, you know, you have to see it like this. When this thing goes up, like this spike up or this spike up or this spike up, you know, every time that happens, it's just like Santa Claus came into the house. It's Christmas. The presents are coming. Oh, free money is coming. Those stupid retailers are going to get wrecked again.

00:13:24
Beverly Hills, you know, comes in with his fancy car. Listen, okay, I'm going to make money again. Yes. Short the crap out of it. Short it. Short it. Short it. They just don't, you know, it's just the MWA. Look at this, short it, short it. Everyone just shorten it out. Oh, wait, look at this one. They made, you know, this one they made the most money on, this one. This happened so fast. Shorten it. You know, these guys love all the presidents of the United States. You know why they love them? Because they have nothing to say. Because over here it stays the same. You know, because daddy is a friend of the new president. Doesn't matter. A rap, a damn, who gives a crap? They're all friends of the president's. You know, shorten it. Look at this. Shorten it. Shorten it. This is mind-blowing. This thing can't even hold a month above this box. Every time this thing comes up, it's boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom.

00:14:38
So the high volume traders be ready because we're going to talk about this for the high volume trades we're going to talk about this are we my traders we're my traders so be ready for this so uh basically we're getting guys we're getting back into this box again you know and this thing could stay a long time over here. You know, but I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that we will get a bounce up again. That's what I think. You know, China is helping us a little bit to make that. And Japan, those two are making, you know, they're fighting these guys. So you have to see it like this, China and Japan, and especially China, they're fighting these guys. Exactly these people they're fighting.

00:15:20
You guys don't know it, but this is reality. China is fighting these people. Yes, it sounds crazy, but they are fighting these people. Maybe you'll not understand now, baby, but you know. It is what it is. It is what it is. So that's about that. So, guys, by the way, you know, we had this one. You see this one went up into the Indian and boom, up. So the Indian is getting closer. We don't have a lot more. So I think because what's going to happen is Beverly Hills isn't crazy. Beverly Hills will probably take some profits. We got 15% to go, so 10%. So Beverly Hills will take some profits. And when they take profits on the VIX, that's when markets will slow down again.

00:16:07
That's when you're going to see this one probably also starting to cool down. So this rise up that you see over here. So we got the indicator. By the way, guys, just keep in mind that we didn't lose the indicator from, what was it, October 23. And so we're now going to retest it. So over here, the retest was just the biggest ramp up. Let's see what's going to happen over here. Is this retest going to take us down? Because if you want to see the big picture, if you would go back in history, you'll see we had this dump down to almost the bottom, almost. And then over here, we had the bottom. So you could see this as a sort of a dump. Double bottom. Over here, we didn't get double bottom.

00:16:50
It just went up. But we are in a different time over here. Now, it's not the same like right now. There are different things going on. So, let's see. Let's see what's going to happen. So, that's about that. I think DXY is just chopping around. It's just, you know, look at this. It's just so super bearish. The DXY, the US dollar, you know, the US dollar is in big trouble. Just don't know it yet, but the US dollar is really in big trouble guys and Oh, oh, oh, wait a minute. I'm seeing that Bob is posting something on Let me see. Let me see very fast Sign I saw that sign was also listed on Bluffing. I think yesterday What is going on with the sign? Sign, sign, sign.

00:17:48
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Let's see sign. Oh, 58%. Yeah, Koreans are on it. Look at this, guys. Look at this. What is this? Yeah, because, you know, it was also listed. I saw it on Bluffing yesterday. What is this sign thing? Before we go any further. So we got some more. Bitgit. Let's see Bybit. Let's see. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay, so this is a new project. Let me see. What is this sign? What is this? Is it a sign? Are they giving us a sign?

00:18:36
Is it, is it on, is it, is it, is it, is it available on Bluefin? I think I saw yesterday something with sign. Yes. Oh, oh, the fundings are a little bit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. My friend. Okay. So let's say, let's just say that a sign, in my opinion, is ready for a short. I think that you should prepare yourself for, for, for, for, you know, just, just, just. Short the crap out of sign so freak the Koreans, who we don't give a crap about, I think you should just uh you know just I think that sign is is sign is giving us a sign; it's gonna be my new girlfriend maybe maybe she will I like sign is she looking good? Salsa do you think that sign is looking good?

00:19:29
Salsa is with us by the way shout out to salsa everyone She's back, back, back, back. Salsa, do you think the sign is she looking good? Is she a potential girlfriend of mine? I think she is. Tell me. Do you think the sign is a good girlfriend? Well, it's not even. We can't hear you, Salsa. I don't know. You're talking to yourself. I know. I don't talk to myself. Salsa always has got this problem with her. With her audio. I just don't know. I just don't know. So you're talking to yourself. They hear me. Okay, you're talking to yourself. We can't hear you. But just with your head. No. She's not looking good? Is Sain looking good or not? Yes or no? With your head. Oh, wait a minute. Can you say something? Say something, please. Yeah, we can hear. We can hear. Oh, my bad. Yes, I can hear. I know because on the live streams, they hear me all the time. It's a fresh listing everywhere. It's like freshly listed for a day or two everywhere. Maybe it needs a bit more time. Maybe she needs a bit more time.

00:20:54
She's maybe too fresh for you. You're too old for that. I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. But listen, listen, listen, listen. Just keep in mind that, you know, you know, Leia is one of my, you know, it's my love. Leia is my love. And we got, you know, but Eliza, she's my girlfriend. But you have to understand it like this. If she's my girlfriend, it means that I think it will go up. When she's my love, I think it will go down. When she's my wealthy wife, it means that she bottomed out. This is the code. So is sign, she going into the group of my girlfriend or my love or my wife, you know these days there's there's another phase you know it's called the maybe you just matched on tinder let's put it like this listen listen let me show you let me show you guys let me show you guys this is the team right now listen go to Twitter This is the team right now.

00:21:51
Just purely listen. They just did this while I was talking to you. So the team disagrees with you. Look at the team. Just go to Twitter now. Go to Twitter now. This is the team. Look at the team. Look what the team does. While you were thinking, they were acting. This is just now. This is just now. This is live. This is just live what they're doing. This is the team just live. Okay, boom. Okay, let's sort a crap out of it. Let's sort a crap out of it. So this is the team. They already took profits. They already took profits while we're talking now. While I was showing you, posting this, they already took profits. So let me tell you what I think. I'm going to tell you what I think. I think that this is just a policy. So I do think that this sign is going into my love. This sign is going into my love department. This is what I think. You know, I think that sign is, you know, sign is one of those that's, you know, one of those that will, you know, make us very rich. Very, very rich. So thank you, sign, for whatever it is that you're doing, sign. What is that? Let me first of all talk about sign.

00:23:34
Whatever so they're basically doing the same like the ten are ten thousand articles. That's what they're doing. So, what they are doing is basically the same just like that, you know, all of them. Founded in 2012 and signed has raised $30 million from JZI Labs, Sequoia Capital, India, and China, U. S., India, and China. Okay. A lot of top investors. Oh, top investors. Oh, yeah. You know, are you feeling the heat? You know, I'm getting excited. Top investors from the U. S., India, and China. Well, and let me tell you some things about India and about U. S. and China. These are all three of them, the most greedy countries I know in my life. So if someone is going to take profits, it's these three, especially India, by the way.

00:24:22
And all the talking about the sign aims at trust, trustless networks and drive for mass adoption and blockchain technology. You know, it's, you know, it's very good that, you know, I, you know, I, I, I made my YouTube live streams not open. You know, I would get attacked from every, every, every, every corner of the world. These guys, you know, most of the times what you see on YouTube well we've got something new for you, yes, sign they just got listed, they're gonna bump into the mood and you know that you know this is the best project ever, sign is building global infrastructure for credible verification, they're working with governments, yes, and they've got investors from China and you know they've got investors from the USA, and also from India.

00:25:11
Oh, this is such a great project, That's what, you know, that's how it is, This is how MW tells it. Okay, this thing is ready to get shorter crap out of it, I don't give a crap about this thing, Just shorter, Higher it goes, more shorter, That's how I see it, But whatever, Who gives a freak what I do? Okay, so let me go back, So let me put some alarms in on this one, So I want to know when the team is cashing in big again, So, okay, So the Koreans are on it now, So Koreans, by the way, Koreans are dangerous people. So when you're shorting whatever, be careful with the Koreans. But, you know, because of this thing is invested by China and by USA and India, you don't have to worry about the Koreans because they will get dumped on.

00:25:59
And Koreans are my friends. You know, the Koreans are the retail firm's friend. You know, you have to see it like this. Koreans are our friends. They are on our side. You know why? Because they try to pump altcoins. And it's the others that dump altcoins. You know, they wreck. They dump them down. And the Koreans, they pump them up. But the Koreans are not stupid. The Koreans think like I think. You know? Koreans use the indie. They know. Koreans are not stupid people. So they know what they want to pump. So although this thing has gotten listed with the Koreans. I think this one will be big. I think this will be a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big. Just have to wait for it.

00:26:46
I understand your thesis, by the way, because I agree with you, by the way. I agree with you that you have to be patient and it's just too new, too fresh. So only if you are really, you know, you have to be really a professional trader to trade this like the team on a short notice and make, you know, the team just made. Let me see what the day. is still in it with a small amount but the team just made like 3k but they you know they take profits take 3k and then you know remaining and then if it bounces up they go in and then down they take you know it's you know it's it's a style it's a style for the beginner scores and for the for the high volume traders i will show you this okay so i have to go back bob thank you for distracting me from this thank you bob thank you bob for distracting us

00:27:31
We were, you know, we were in our analyzes and then, you know, but I understand it with all those altcoins. And by the way, guys, what do you think about this thesis? We've got token 49. Do you think that some altcoins have been holding and pumping because of token 49? Because, you know, and do you think that while 49 is running, that a lot of altcoins will dump very hard? Or do you think about this one? I don't know. You guys tell me. How do you say that? Buy the news, sell the news. Buy the rumor, sell the news. How do you say that? Yes. Buy the rumor, sell the news. Okay. Okay. Well, what's it going to be? Are we going to get something like that tomorrow? Maybe. Together with GDP.

00:28:23
Maybe even before it. Pom, pom, pom, pom, pom down. Pom, pom, pom, pom down. Pom, pom, pom, pom down. Yes. So it could happen. It could happen. And if it happens, well, let's just say that this is one of those, you know, if this thing ramps up over here, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, this is one of those that could make you a lot of money. I'm just saying this could be one of those. Let's use the indie, you know, the Alpiman. This is the Alpiman style. He doesn't do it, by the way, because Alpiman doesn't trade. But let me show you the Alpiman way. The Alpiman way is, you know. This thing rises up, goes up more and more and more and more and more.

00:29:02
And then, you know, Alpiman waits for when this happens in the future. You know, this one, this candle, Alpiman. The problem with Alpiman is then he puts his sell order. Maybe if he does it over here, then it will not get hit. And then it goes down. Oh, I missed it again. That's Alpiman style. But let me show you. You have to always look like this. So when you see me getting bearish on a coin. Okay. No problem. The only thing that you have to do is don't risk, just wait. So this thing is pumping up now. This thing could pump up way more, just like Salsor said. It's new, fresh, whatever. But this indicator will be here in a matter of 10, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, it will be here.

00:29:46
And then you just wait for the confirmation. And then when you see that the momentum goes down, you short the call, but you have to be fast. There's a lot of volume on here, then you go in and as long as below it, you short the crap out of it, make a lot of money. I know it sounds crazy what I'm saying now, but if you just do this, you're gonna make a lot of money. Is it that easy? Mw, yes, it's that easy, yes, but it's that easy. Just wait for it; it goes below it, short it above it, out, that's it, that's it. That's it, you're gonna make a lot of money. So, let's see. Just as you said it, there's a token called Token on I just saw it on and look at the weekly chart of it.

00:30:37
No market update today; it's gonna be all about [shit] cones. You guys are right; who gives a crap about marketing on sideways anyway? I agree with you guys; it's all about altcoins now, what the long, what the short, um, oh beautiful token! But you know when you mentioned 49, that guy kind of popped up; yeah, I don't know what this token is, but you know you have to see you have to see like this guy. I was before I started this stream, I was eyeing some altcoins and I have to say, I know it sounds crazy. You just have to listen because it's like one week ago or maybe 10 days ago, I told you guys, listen, those coins that went up on the daily and they will come back into the Indian on the daily.

00:31:41
Those are the coins that you have to keep a look at. You have to watch those coins because those could pump very hard. Don't follow them, so. For example, this one. Let me give you, wait, not this one. Let me give you, let me show you this one, for example. Look, this one, above it, down, down, down. Then above it, this was the retest over here. And off she went. Let me show you another one. Look at XRP above it, down, down, down. Look how it's holding, holding, holding, holding. This is your entry. And off she goes. And you could enter it over here or enter it over here. It doesn't matter. Daily above the Indy. Retest it, boomed up! Look at car for example. We're going to talk about these coins in a moment.

00:32:24
Look at this; I'm just showing you for example. Look at this! Look above this is, you know, I told you about this when we were over here or maybe some points were over here so I told you already. Listen, guys! Now what you now have to focus on is the ones that are holding the indie on the daily; those are the ones you have to keep an eye on-those are the ones that could pop up just like you're seeing on this one. And let me show you another one. Look at this one. Same story: I told you about it over here. Above it, this spike up, comes back, retests the indicator, and off she went! Let me show you another one. And you can give me, look at this one.

00:32:58
This one is also beautiful. Look at this. Rejected, rejected, hold, hold, hold the line, and then up she goes. Now, look at this one. Here, same story. I told you over here already. Listen, guys, it goes up, it retests, and that's it. Look at this. It goes up, retest. You have to see it like this. The coins that I'm showing you now are the Korean coins. So these are just Koreans that I showed you now. But Koreans, you know, I'm already telling you, over here, I was already telling you, listen, guys, this is what they're going to do.

00:33:36
This is so bad. I cannot do the Chinese or Korean accent, by the way I suck at it but look at this guy's I told you it goes up re-tested by them off the indie and then up she goes, okay so let me go back, let me go back then we go to Altos uh do I have something to say more about this no, do I have something to say over here uh yes I want to show you guys dominance dominant only just uh little bit down over here and it's holding the line it's just super bullish so we're just getting rejected over here let's see what's gonna happen but listen guys, let me get back to the story about token, be very careful because most of the times when those big crypto events happen they dump at that same day.

00:34:28
You know when all those bullish people go to those parties, you know they get drunk, they take drugs-I don't think they're going to take drugs in Dubai; I don't hope so. They're going to get a lot of trouble if they do that. But, you know, they got a lot of drinks, you know, this and that. And then, you know, they just take profits on those days. It's just how it works. This is how it works. If you would go back in history, do some research, you'll see all the days on the events, big events-crypto events. You, I think 70, 80% of the times you'll see that. I hope it up. So be very careful with that one, by the way. Bitcoin, let me do bitcoin so bitcoin.

00:35:16
We are in the resistance zone, you see that we're struggling over here, so you see. Look, let's see struggle, struggle, struggle, struggle and you look. Also, how far we are from the indie? But let me say that Michael says that is really going bananas, Michael says he's buying crazy amounts of people. I tweeted about this, it's too much, no. We know that he buys, but he's pushing, he's really pushing. It's too much in my opinion, one point whatever billion dollar you know, all the money from from Michael's strategy, he's just this guy's crazy, this guy is really this guy's crazy and you know I think this will not end, he's he's. Just buying too much, you know you want to buy just buy no problem but he's buying way, way, way too Because you have to see it like this.

00:36:08
If he owns the most Bitcoin of everyone, at some point, people, they will envy him. They will hunt him. They will destroy him. If they can, you know, if some numbers come out, because he's also so crazy that he leveraged himself. He borrows money. He borrows money to buy Bitcoin. This guy is crazy. The guy is paying interest to pay, to buy Bitcoin. What are you doing? And, you know, at some point, if those liquidation numbers will come out and people know where to hunt him down, they will hunt him down. And they'll see him cry like a baby. Because he did it before. He was crying also when Bitcoin dumped last time at 15K. He was crying like a baby. But, you know, I respect you for buying Bitcoin.

00:36:59
Buy Bitcoin. Buy as much as you want if you're bullish on Bitcoin. But don't do it with leverage or with. Collateral or with money that you don't own, that's what he's doing, so then you'll you know they will target you and when they target you, they will destroy you. It's a dot-com bubble the simpler they will never accept you to you have to get filthy rich, Mr. Saylor, that you will get become them because you have to see like this. Because if suppose that Bitcoin would go to a million bucks, do you know how rich Michael Saylor will be at that point? He will be super rich, guys. Do you think that they will allow him to be that rich? I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so.

00:37:44
But either way, in the meantime, who gives a F about Michael Saylor or who gives a F about Bitcoin at this point? It's all about the Koreans and the altcoins that are making two, three, four, five Xs out of nothing. So let me go to the altcoins. So what I got for you. I got for you the Koreans, what the Koreans are doing. So Koreans, first of all, What is this thing doing, by the way? Oh, it's still rising up. So this is super bullish, guys. Let me see. How are the funding rates on this thing? It's not yet on. You're talking about sign? It's not yet on. It's not yet on Coinalyze. But the tokenomics are crazy. Like it's 140 million market cap. 1 .

00:38:35
4 billion fully diluted yes no this is normal that's normal for a new coin it's normal it's normal to get some people in to wreck the crap out of them to destroy them financially then you know that's what they do potential now sorry oh you now see the girlfriend potential now I thought you would see it before. The team saw it directly. The team didn't even answer to me. They just shorted the crap out of it at that moment. They just made 3K out of my girlfriend. Those freaks. So basically, okay, what we're seeing is just this thing. But I see what's going on. Be very careful. The funding rates are flipping super, super, super red. Okay, be very careful, everyone, now. No, no, no, this wasn't, this wasn't.

00:39:31
On Blowfin, it's, you know, it's going like crazy at this moment. No, no, no, no, no, be very careful. Team, be careful, be careful, be careful, because it's flipping really, really super, super, super, super bearish now. Super Red, so it's now 0. 1, it's now 1.2. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, don't short this now. Don't short it, be very careful. Be very careful, though, because shorts now show. If you're in it, just just just just be very careful, this is too much, one point oh one point two, uh, this is too much, this is too much. So, so I would, I would you know how I would trade this if I would trade it and I'm gonna make a lot of money on it, how I would trade it, I would just put in orders at higher levels, you know, and if it spikes up with the fundings that's when you're gonna make money,

00:40:24
you know, and if it spikes even more up, you're also gonna make money, but you're gonna make money in a slower manner. But um, this is something also especially for the high volume traders uh group, uh, this is going to be oh by the way, I've got news about the high volume traders group, yes, because um, uh, something something is going on, something's going on, so um, because of uh, you see, you see, you see what happens, you see what happens you see what happens then it comes down then it comes down, you see that what happens they shake out, they shake out because funding rates go red and then they and then they

00:40:58
shake out, the things so now you have to now you have to be don't be greedy now just be patient, be patient, let them do their thing, and if you're in it, uh, reduce this is the style GTC style by the way guys, very important education today live trading, so what you do is listen; what you do is, if you're in it instead of closing it, don't close it. Reduce your position because of the funding. Just reduce it. But the problem is we cannot see the funding rates on the other exchanges now. So it's like you're a little bit blind now. So it's a little bit... you're blind. You cannot see what to do because you're blinded. So, this is basically the sad part of this.

00:41:44
You cannot analyze it the right way just like you want it. So, okay, so enough about this. So you've got this sign and then, okay. So first of all, very interesting to see XRP. The Koreans are very bullish on XRP, guys. The Koreans are really bullish on XRP. When the Koreans are very bullish on XRP, we should also focus on XRP. So especially for the high volume traders. High volume traders, be ready. Be ready. XRP, that's when you can go. Oh, by the way, I had news for the high volume traders. So basically what it was is, you know, you have to own $100,000 in funds, not trading of funds, to get into the training course. And then I've got like, what was it? 13 members.

00:42:26
I think it was 13 members. Yes. And then they told me, 'Listen, MW, it's, you know, we own much more money than that, by the way. But, you know, we are not feeling comfortable by.' By having like 300K, 500K just on one exchange. So is there any other way? And then I thought, okay, you guys are right. So I've changed something for the high trade. You have to show me that you have the past month or the past two months or three months together. I don't care. You have to show me that you do trade like 10 million plus volume in a month. So that's also making you a high volume trader. So if you trade.

00:43:07
10 million or more a month, you don't need that, so it's either you've got 100k plus or you have 10 million plus a month on trading volume, that will also get you in because that's basically um, what I did was uh, okay it was a little bit stupid of me to say 100k because there are people they, you know, they trade on high volume with 50k, you know, uh, you've got this high volume traders what they do is they just put in 50k on their account and they just go in very heavy and when needed they add money to their account because they don't want to keep that money on the exchange and yeah, okay I'm with you know, I'm with you because uh, only use money on an exchange that you need for trading if you don't need it just get it out on your cold wallet so that's that's that's the style

00:43:59
um, so yeah, so if you got 10 million uh 10 million trading volume is also i will also get you that into that group so xrp so be ready koreans are really bullish on on this one so um i'm gonna put my alarm over here let's see what is what what will happen but you have to be careful because now because it's a little bit double now um We need a retrace. We need a retrace. That's what I'm eyeing. But are we going to get that? Look at this. Look at XRP, for example, guys. Indie, rejected, rejected, hold. Look how it's holding on that Indie. Look at this. Let me remove all of this so that you can see it. Look at this. Look at this rounding. Look at this.

00:44:44
Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. Bang. This was the breakout. And then come back. And over here. Hold, hold, hold. This was to retest. Then up again, down again, retest again, and up she goes. Oh, my God. This is beautiful. This is beautiful trading. This is beautiful trading. And especially if I already told you about, you know, this happening over here. I already told you about it over here or over here. I said it. I told you, guys, be prepared. This is what is going to happen. And then it goes up.

00:45:27
This Chinese, what is he, a blogger, vlogger, or whatever it is he is. He goes, look, people cooking, and then he's, 'Hi-ya', 'Hi-ya'. So let me see, okay. I should make the same videos just like this Chinese, but about people in trading, you know, these technical analysts. I just watch their trading analyzes, and then I do my 'Hi-ya', 'Hi-ya'. I think something like that, so by the way, guys. Uh, so carve it, keep an eye on. Cough, also by the way, if you're looking at these numbers, I think this is a MW. What are these numbers that you're pointing out to us over here? So, this is basically what you're seeing over here: 200 market cap, 400 for little market, but also you guys see the result.

00:46:11
You have to keep an eye on our car. Uh, uh uh safe, and they also you know cash. Guys, Akash is a solid project; let me just say this: Akash is really a super super solid fundamental project. I love Akash by the way, but Akash dumped like crazy. By the way, but Akash holding the box perfectly over here. So, the ones that took this trade, congrats to you because if it if I'm seeing over here a box, it means that I shared it. But look at this: Akash could make some nice moves, so keep an eye on Akash and then we got this one, guys. Oh, this I love this one; this is Pundi. I know you know Pundi for the old dogs and crypto Pundi. I made so much money on Pundi.

00:47:01
Uh, Pundi uh Pundi is a crazy coin, guys. You Know we have been trading uh before this I need another chart why am I not seeing Pundi is an old dog uh Pundi, USDT. Why only BTC? Pundi has got much more history. How is this possible? Why am I not finding any Pundi? It's very strange. Pundi is all dark. I traded a lot of Pundi before this. Maybe they delisted it. Anyway, the Koreans are on it. Now you got this mocha. Already talked about this one. Remember? The short over here. Congrats. Back to the button. So, and then we had salsa. What is the story about GST? Well, this was the coin that was voted for the most on the post of GTC Insider. Okay. Okay. So you guys are loving GST.

00:48:10
Well, I love the fact that it's Tron related. Um GTC okay but you know we had the pump, see bump flip flip flip flip boom boom boom and now you need you need to retest so uh yeah it's this is too dangerous for me to be bullish about this coin if you want to trade on a four hour I saw it you can trade it on the four hour look at this pump up boom boom boom boom boom hold hold hold boom boom so this is your entry basically this, so it might make another big move up. So this is about GST. So as an investment, I'm not really trading. You can trade it. How is Honey doing, by the way? Oh, Honey, Honey, Honey. Oh, Honey. Honey's looking horrible.

00:48:55
Oh, it's testing the daily travel. It might be your day. So, oh, by the way, this one, this Sonic, by the way. uh this sonic has got an event coming up that's what i saw i think that sonic has got an event going on and this layer is somehow related to the sonic so layer is somehow related to this sonic by the way this layer i you know i've done some just just read a little bit about a layer i thought to myself what is what is this layer actually doing and what they have is they have this credit card visa card so the whole hype going up let me let by the way

00:49:45
guys keep an eye on this sonic because this sonic before we go to lay a little wait a minute wait a minute because this sonic is sonic and i think this one is also on the koreans are on it why am i wrong wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute i need to give you guys some solid info But if they got some, if these guys have got something coming up, this is Sonic, not the FTM, the other Sonic, so the SVM, this one I'm talking about. The tokenomics are really horrible, but they've got something coming up. There's something going on with this. They've got some events. Either way, this layer, so this layer, they got this Visa card. Who gives a F? Everyone has got a Visa app.

00:50:43
You know, if I would launch CrabCoin, I call Visa. Listen, Visa, I want to collaborate with you. Yeah, so what are you going to do? So I want to spend, I'm going to build a platform where people can buy. flip their crypto into fiat and you know buy with it on visa visa tells okay how much are you gonna pay me i'm gonna give you like you know i'm gonna give you like 50 on fees of every transaction that much yes okay why not then boom crap coin visa card do you got a big community yes i have will they all use it yes they will will they credit yes they will great let's

00:51:31
do it so basically this is what layer is doing so they've got they've got they've got this they've got this card and everyone is hyping oh just wait for it just wait for it yes to wait for it let me tell you let me tell let me give you guys an example of one of the first ones in crypto that you know that had a successful a super super successful credit card in collaboration with with at that time with with with with with buy-ins it was swipe look at this you know i swipe is one of the coins that i made the most money on up and down look at swipe let me show you so this is by the way in my opinion the most successful uh crypto credit card supplier out there This one.

00:52:27
This one. By the way, I traded this. I told this story already. I went all in on this coin. I went all in over here. Crazy times. But listen, guys. Look at this. This is, in my opinion, the most successful credit card, whatever, crypto credit cards. They're the best in whatever it is. Look where they went. Look where they are. And they're still there. They never, you know, and you have to see their card is still working. You still can get this swipe. Look where they are. So this will take us to Layer. Where is Layer? You know, I said I was not going to talk about Layer anymore, but, you know, you guys keep telling me, oh, where is your Layer? Oh, Layer, it's still romping up. It's still romping up.

00:53:14
Look at Layer. Look at layer. Everyone wants to know layer, layer, layer, layer. So you want layer. Okay, here's layer. So layer. Uh layer this is this is what is going on so layer over here we had this you know when I flipped Alc to to layer we had this one and I told you guys it's holding the four hour in the it's super bullish be careful and then it started bumping up up up up up up up up up up and it's still going up this thing is going bananas. So this thing is, I don't know if that very wealthy, wealthy retail firm member is still on this short or he didn't go out over here and decrease it with some 60, 70, 80%. I don't know what he's doing.

00:53:54
But either way, this thing is ramping up like crazy. But, you know, let me tell you this. This will be one of the biggest dumps in crypto history, in my opinion, this thing, because there is zero, zero, zero, zero reason for this thing to pump. The only reason that I can imagine for myself now is that there are too many shorts building up on this coin and still holding their shorts. This is the only explanation that I have why this thing is still holding and going up in this force. That's the only explanation that I have, is that there are just too many shorts opened and the exchanges are pushing this up. It's just the exchanges themselves because they just don't want.

00:54:40
Uh, the the shorts to get paid, that's it, but you know that's why; if you do it, the GTC still guys, you can push this up to four bucks, five bucks, no problemo, no problemo. We will wait; we have all the time. It's there and you know until the alarm goes off, bang boom, and down she is. Because how this thing is pumping up-this is just force pump without any reason. There's zero reason for this going to pump up to these levels, and by zero, I really mean zero, zero reason for this thing. So basically, also what I think for now, for now, what I think is between the 3. 2; so this region between the 3. 2 and the 3.

00:55:22
3 I think that this is the next really level uh where where where the best might uh step in heavy over here this zone over here so I think that we are very close we've got maybe what is it left we've got maybe what is 3-4% left. I think that the bears will step in very hard over here. But at some point, what's going to happen is that these wallets that are holding this, in my opinion, just a crap coin, this thing will dump super hard. This thing will dump as hard as a rock. So they can push it up, whatever it is. They're playing the leverage game, trying to flush out the greedy retailers. Uh, the shortest that don't know how to short, also by the way, and at some point this thing will this thing will crash down very, that's just my opinion, that's what I think will happen.

00:56:15
So basically you have to see like this if this thing gets over here, uh if it dumps down to the Indiana four hour this will be you know all the, you have to see like this so let me put on the far so you explain, so you have to see like this, I'm telling you the the team style, so what they took on profits over here they started filling over here, so they're filling now, now so what they took on money over here they're filling in on these levels and also over here, what if this thing comes over here and comes back to the indie again. They will what they filled in in this block; they will take the profits over here so the profits the remaining so the ones that the the the the amount that's in the red from here those they will hold.

00:57:04
They will hold just for the big dump. But this rise up, if this thing comes back to the 280 or whatever, then this they will take out. This money, this is profits, this is money. They bank it and they take it out just in case if they want to push it again higher. So if they're going to leave this money, because the DCA, they're like more than 70%, 80% already in. That's done. So it's now. What they're doing is retrace, they sell it, they take profits from over here just to make sure that if this thing wants to make another leg up, they will start filling it in over here again. So this is the style and what they have been filling up over here, they're just holding it, this position is just a huddle; they will not cash this in, they will not take any losses from there.

00:57:54
So the only thing is what they do is just like they have been doing from the beginning, by the way, and just like explained also on Leverage Trading Course 4. 0 this will fill up take profits fill up take profits they fill up they take profits they fill up they take profits so and this is also how they are hiring up their entry every time up up up up up up up up up up up up up until this is gonna happen until you're gonna see this because this is gonna happen it's not this is gonna happen. So it's a little bit there, you know, they're trying to exhaust people. They're trying to exhaust people that don't know how to trade this or people that are shorting. They're trying to exhaust them.

00:58:40
You cannot exhaust the team. Yeah, you can exhaust them maybe if you're going to make a 10x from here. But, you know, we all know that that chance is 0. 01%. But so it's now just, you know, you just have to have patience and just. Take profits on when it retests and fill up when they pump it, just like they're pumping it now, so this is the style. This is just a matter of patience, but you have to see like this: it's like I told you, this is just one position; you don't only focus on layout and you know, I get a feeling that a lot of people who just only focus on layer, layer, layer because I don't even want to talk about that.

00:59:21
It's just that the short is there and they're doing their thing, and yeah, it's gonna pay out very big; I know that already, you just have to do it the MW style. So for the ones that weren't in the live stream yesterday, what a beauty, what a this is beautiful guys, these Koreans really They listen to me. They just listen to me, those Koreans. Look at this. This is beautiful. This is actually exactly just like I explained it. I told you, you've got this line over here, and then what comes together with it is this red box, because this is also a resistance. So you've got resistance and the line come together. Look at this. This was during the live, by the way, while I was doing the live yesterday. Money.

01:00:17
Money. Money, money, so um also uh, I wanted to show you guys by the way, also Eliza, yes where's Eliza? Where is my, where's my new girlfriend, where is she is. There, she is. Look, look at Eliza. Look this was yesterday, by the way, guys. We're talking about Eliza, told you I told you, I told you, and this was, by the way also. Perfect example when i'm I'm showing you how to make freaking money. Above the Indy. Retest. Up. Retest. Up. It's that simple. You just have to do it. Look at this. Especially when you see me not being bearish or giving you signals that are bearish or whatever. You know, some warnings, helmet calls, whatever. And when you see me not sharing that. Big chance that this could happen.

01:01:17
Look at this. Eliza. It was at some point, it was at 800%. 800% at some point. Look at this. Just doubled in price. Doubled in price. 100% on the spot. Eliza. She's a very cheap girlfriend, by the way. She doesn't want nothing. Nothing. Everything is free with her. She doesn't need anything. And she makes you money also. So I can share my girlfriend with you guys. You can all have her. Here she is. Eliza. Not now. Now it's too late. But she's over here. And also the ladies that are interested in Eliza. She's my girlfriend. You can have her. Here she is. I will share her with everyone. Eliza. So Eliza. Keep an eye on Eliza. Oh, my God. Eliza will be listed on an update with the Koreans. Oh.

01:02:13
So keep an eye on Eliza. So the profits have been taken, by the way. So, yeah, whatever. Let's see. Let's see how she's going to do. So that was virtuals, by the way. Oh, virtuals. Look at virtuals, guys. Look at virtuals. Cheers is just going. You have to keep in mind that when virtuals start romping, you have to keep in mind that all those other ones building on virtuals, you know, they might bump or fall or not, I think, but like this one. They will probably pump. So the ones that didn't pump, like this one, keep an eye on this one. Look at this one. Same story. Up, come back, retest it. But she didn't leave the station yet. So keep an eye on swarms. Let me show you this one.

01:02:59
What's going on with this one? It's a bit too high. Let me see. What do we got in this AI? Travel, if you're in here, what am I missing? AIXPT. Oh, this one. What am I missing? Yeah, AIXPT is heading into some nasty resistance over here. But yeah, Virtuos is going. So this one. Look at this one. We shorted this, by the way. Look at this. Whoa. This is really mind-blowing, guys. Look at this. This short. Whoa, 93%. This is madness. This is really madness. But this is something strong. Do we got more trouble, Evan? Yeah, AIXP, I know. So, okay. Then we're going into, how is Fartone doing, by the way? Yes, it's MW for sure telling you that 120, 130 is resistance, and then it dumps down.

01:03:53
So it's just fighting over here. So I was not doing. Oh, Trumpy, Trumpy there. This is, by the way. The Trump Foundation taking some profits. So this is retrace on that one. Guys, can you give me, can you give me, no, I have to go to Sui. It's time for Sui. Sui. No, not Sui, Sei. Sei, Sei, Sei, sorry. Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei. Let me go to Sei. Let me go to Sei, guys. Let me go to Sei. It's time for Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei, Sei. Come on, we are at Sei. Let me use the max. CTR, let me use the next CTR, say. So basically, say is getting, I thought it's something about Trump Foundation buying say, you know, we cannot trust Trump Foundation, but you can trust them when it's at the bottom.

01:04:51
When someone shills you over here, say, or here, just don't listen to it, but you know, over here, so say is making already, already, already say. It's already up six; it's not so bad, not so bad, not so much so for the ones interested in saying this is the next resistance level over here 30 cents, this is your leader, so you still got like 30 to go and you can trade this thing on high volume by the way, this is no there's a lot of volume on this coin, so you can you can you can you can go big on this one so only thing what you have to do respect the indicator look at this look at this beauty look what I'm showing you guys look above it above it hold hold out in again boom retest boom retest boom retest boom reader see it could be insane from over here boom out out out out out and there we go again It's that simple.

01:05:59
So that's it. So if you're interested in, say, this is the next resistance level, by the way, guys, be very careful. But, you know, I have to keep, you know, I'm having like a nasty, nasty feeling. It's nasty. First of all, we've got GDP tomorrow, but we also got this token 49 tomorrow. So this is a little bit of a nasty taste in my mouth. So be careful with those bullish ones. be careful respect the indie and if you see any danger put the indiana five minute 15 minutes when you see it get invalid just take the damn money out now just take it out who cares there will be trades every day there will be bottoms every day there will be money flowing in other coins every day so it's don't think that you're missing out on some and even if you miss a bounce up you protected your capital that's this is something people don't understand This is something for the beginners course.

01:06:56
If you made a decision to protect your capital and a coin jumped up after you took profits, or even if you went out at breakeven, you protected your capital. That was your decision. Your decision was, okay, I'm not going to risk it over here. So you protected your capital. So that's. So you didn't miss the pump. No, you protected your capital. That's what you did. So you survived to live another day. This is the mindset of a professional and a gain trader. But if you like this, let me give you an example. So let's say you went in over here at the confirmation over here, and then over here, okay, you thought this, okay, I'm going out. I'm seeing some bearish signs on the market. You went out. And then, well.

01:07:48
You were right because it came down. So we're happy. And then it went up. And then, oh, I could have made more money. I could have made so much more money. Oh, I should have stayed in. I should have stayed in. I should have stayed in. It means that you're an amateur. You're going to get wrecked. You're just a future. On your forehead, you've got 'wrecked'. Wrecked. You're going to get wrecked. It's not if. You're going to get wrecked. Just when. Tomorrow, the day after, next week. You're going to get wrecked. Because if you own this feeling, if you're trading or investing in crypto and you own this feeling, so everyone in this live stream, ask yourself, do I have this feeling? If you have it, you're going to get wrecked.

01:08:35
It's that simple. If you have this feeling that I just showed you here, you're going to get wrecked. Yeah, but you will not read this in a book. You know, you cannot read this in a book. You're not going to read this in a book. But let me tell you, if you have this feeling, you're going to get wrecked. It's the same over here. For example, you went into a short over here. You made some money over here, you know. And then you saw some signs connecting some dots that markets could bump up and bounce up. So you decided to just take all the money out over here. You made big profits and then

01:09:18
you were right; it went up, up, up, and up, and you weren't on the chart, so you couldn't see that we had this second bearish retest on the indie; you didn't see that; you don't have to see everything; and then this thing made another one; I should have stayed in the short; oh, I didn't; I didn't; I'm so stupid; you are a futuristic wrecked trailer if you have that feeling Because this is the exact feeling that will distract you from making gains. Because you'll get emotional; You will get greedy; You will make mistakes; You're going to do like, you're going to do; you just got to make bad trades; You don't care; You don't follow the rules anymore. Nothing you care about anymore. It's just, you just go in and, you know, you don't know what you do.

01:10:05
Now you get totally wrecked and then you're, you know, you're done. So everyone who owns this feeling, please, guys, please, guys, when you see that you could have made more gains, you have to always keep in your mind that you could also own more losses. This is the mindset. So when you analyze a trade and you follow the rules and you do it the good way and you made profits and the possibility that you could make more profit that will. happen after it you always have to keep in mind okay well you know i could have made more profits but but i could also made less profits or even losses i i made a decision there so forget about it that's it go to the next focus on the next game don't go think about what could or could not happen i hope you know i repeated myself maybe like four or five times if i'm talking to some how do they say this to some retard or whatever they call it but it's important i want you to understand this i want you to really really really really understand this i want you to to get this into

01:11:30
it's it's so important so okay where do we got more where do we go so let's see what what's going on what's going before i'm going to close it up so first of all let me go To the US 500, is it pushing still? Yes, it's pushing as expected because you know it's just it's just textbook uh trading on the US 500. Uh, forget about the indicator by the way then don't even like it this is just textbook. This is just uh pre-pumping the event so GDP is coming so uh they're just people it's just what they do. These guys are just, you know, so what they're doing is they're dumping the VIX. You see the VIX. Yes, you see this. They're greedy. They want more money.

01:12:08
So they're, you know, they're pushing the VIX down. And while pushing the VIX down, they're pushing the US 500. It's just that simple. It's no science. It's no, you know, it's just, you know, you know, if there is one chart I can trade very good, it's this chart. You know, I don't even have to think about it and just look at it. And a lot of times I know where it's going. I just know. I don't even have to put my indicator. I know where it's going. So this is just what they're doing. Let's see the DXY. DXY is dumping down. Okay, well, whatever. Euro is going up. And GPY is also finding some momentum. So it's just textbook. Let me see what is Bitcoin doing.

01:12:47
Bitcoin is just like the markets trying to follow the markets up. That's just what they do. Wall Street is just ruling crypto. So, OK, use 500 up, Bitcoin up. So they're just going on a way. Just let's see. Let's see. Let's see. So we're really, you know, you have to see like this. You cannot be bearish as long as this is going on. You just can't be bearish, so even if you got a candle down there is a very very high possible probability that they will you know push it up. By the way, guys, I'm still on my you know, the ones that I bought in over here um, I was yesterday, I looked at it, I'm still uh 65 percent in, so 35 is out.

01:13:28
It has been hit unstoppable, some altcoins you know, out of the sudden they dumped pretty hard and they hit my, my take profit level, so uh 65 is still in, so let's see, let's see, let's see tomorrow. I think tomorrow they will all go up. I think everything is out. I think that tomorrow with Token 49 happening at the event, I think that everything got, I think that tomorrow also with GDP, I think uh, I think a little bit of volatility and then all those coins will, will get hit, that's what I think. I think by tomorrow, I think 90 will be out, and uh yeah let's see what we're gonna do so uh right away how are those how are those other coins doing um, that we just talked about, how's Sign doing?

01:14:11
Our Sign is still holding the line over here okay, so Sign is just signing, so uh whether we talk about more, we talked. About just the okay or whatever, uh deep is printing, uh Eliza, we're waiting for the retrace that's about it guys so just, uh keep none of those on these coins if you want to trade with the Koreans, guys. It's Akash, it's Akash, safe, it's Drift, it's ID, it's Carve and XRP for the high volume traders if you want to kill it, so these are the coins uh that I'm seeing the Koreans are really ramping up the volume on them so um let me see, do I got some questions over here,

01:15:03
this this what is this, what is this all right we got l pink over here, L Pinky, L Pinky thank you MW for teaching us everything including mindset no more would have could have should. Have thank you so much. Pinky uh, thank you so much. What do you have away a lot? Small profits usually better than always waiting for the big one. I prefer that style in and out yeah, my boy, my boy, my boy, my boy 12, 11. So uh, what are we gonna do? We got some questions, uh, no, we got Mark heading into a little bit late, oh, we got Urban, oh Erwin is in Spain so I hope you guys are safe, I hope that you guys have got is it solved, uh, so I hope it's solved that you guys got some electricity.

01:15:46
So it was really a nightmare, you know? I was pretty shocked when that happened and you know, I still don't know how what caused it but it was very, very, very scary. And I think that it's solved now. They found the problem. Otherwise, this could also crash the markets. This was one of those things that could crash the markets. So a lot of people think that wars crash markets. No, wars don't crash markets. They bump markets. But these events like blackouts out of Southern, these things create These things create blackouts. So that's about that. S had their conference on the 6th of May. Yes. So this S, do you mean by S, FTMX or Sonic? I think you mean Sonic. Crap call with the crap guy. Let's see. Yeah.

01:16:48
I remember the Pundi X phone back 2000. Yeah, the Pundi X is an old coin. It's really old. I know. But you know what I don't understand is that Pundi X used to have a lot of zeros. So I think they, I don't know, they burned maybe some coins, you know, and if I'll change something on my long ETF, I will let you guys know in time. I was still waiting for 70. It's not me waiting. You have to act based on what the charts are giving either way I have no idea where where dominance will go uh uh you know so as you know it's I have no clue I have no clue

01:17:25
what dominance is heading into I hope that it will go to 70 but it doesn't have to uh I want to show you that this where we are now is this is also resistance over here this one so we're already getting rejected over here and you have to also see it like this we already had one look at this one two three four five six seven eight nine nine almost nine green candles this thing needs to come down in my opinion because this is the resistance zone for now before we gotta talk about 70. This is the resistance that only reaches here and this could create a huge outcome rally and that's also why I told you guys listen uh watch those daily Indy, watch it. If it gets back into it, drop up.

01:18:16
And the perfect scenario would be if the markets will make that retrace down and Bitcoin will make that retrace down. Let me show you. This is the most bullish, bullish, bullish, bullish scenario. If this thing would come down to the, for example, to the 50 over here, you can make a lot of money on a bounce up. Or if this thing will do something like that and then come down back over here, find some support again over here, maybe even break through it. I don't know. But only you move from here to here with dominance retracing on this level over here, just back to this level. This could make you, this could just 10x your portfolio in a matter of days. That's how fast it goes when that FOMO hits in.

01:19:06
So this is how you connect the dots. Well, what I'm eyeing, but I'm waiting for it because we're now at resistance. So, you know, if Bitcoin would just hold the line over there and this thing also dumps down over here, this could also create like a 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 20, 21, very fast. I don't know. You have to eye it. You have to see what's going on. We're now at resistance. This is what I pointed out. So not 70%. 70% is first is 65%, 60, 60. So this is. This is what we're eyeing. So that's about that. So that's it for me for now. Yeah, well, if you don't hear me tomorrow, do you guys want me to just go record all those chillers out there and just post it on Twitter?

01:20:01
I just record them and then I just post them all on Twitter. This is what they're doing. If I'm going, guys, keep in mind, if I'm going, I'm going for us. I'm not interested in networking with anyone, to be honest. I'm just not interested. If I wanted to network, I would have done it years ago. Because most of the people that go to that place go for networks. That one wants to make money with that one. That one wants to make money with that one. That one wants to make money from that one. That's how it works on those events. So I don't give a crap about that network. I'm interested in us. And what do I mean by us? I need to find those Koreans.

01:20:42
I need to find those Koreans that are ramping up. And I already know a lot, but I want to know more. So I need to break the code. Basically, what you guys need to know for me, I need to break the code. What I want is I want to know. Before those KRW pairs get created, I want to know which ones are, for example, on the list to be added. You know, we're not going to trade with, you know, this is just false. We don't do that. But at least, just like Binance does, for example, or Coinbase, they make a list of coins. These are possible coins that we could list. So when I have that list, you know, and I've got some people that can help me find that list, maybe you guys can find it online, by the way.

01:21:31
But, you know, I want it, you know, I want it. That's the main reason why I'm going to that event. That's the main reason, number one. Because I need to find the right people there. Let's see. Because I'm going there so I can, you know, so I can give you guys the story, you know, the alpha to, you know, to make even more gains. So maybe to be early you know not because that way we don't trade on the indicator we don't use the indicator that way we're going to do a whole other style of trading and buy it will be it will be it will be it will be it will be super super honest style of try of trading so but let's see let's see let's see let's see oh don't don't record the top dog no don't record the snakes and rats okay well let's see let's see let's see let's see Okay, guys, thank you so much.

01:22:21
Have a nice one. Keep an eye on the charts. Trade the Indy. Do as, you know, please just do as I'm showing you guys. And if you're still unsecure and you think, okay, well, MW, you show us, but they just, you know. I think and I hope that, you know, the beginner's course is going to start. It's going to start either way, the coming days. So keep an eye on GTC Insider. You will find some info on there. Very, very. very very very soon have a nice one thank you all for watching.