*** Live Stream 05-10-2025 Trump Pumping Crypto ! *** 

00:03:33
Good morning, can you hear me now guys? Good morning! Good morning! Can you hear me? Let me know in the chat if you can hear me, guys. Let me know in the chat if you can hear me. Here now. Okay, I'm sorry, guys. I'm sorry, guys. You know, someone has been playing around with my, you know. He's asking, okay, good morning, good morning, good morning. How's everyone doing? What do I got over here? So, I highlighted this. I don't know who he is, playing digital. Never heard of him, by the way. But Altcoin Genes, Zoo Park, Zachanumadoc here. We got Tran. We got, well, playing digital. So, I'm going to give you some stage. Do you know why I'm giving you stage? Because it's a lot of time that you're going to get this stage.

00:04:21
It's the last time that you're going to get it. So we've got Lars. We've got Tren. We've got Sleepy Time. We've got Mark. We've got Tren. We've got Lead Medic. Pip. Kieran. Richard. What have we got? Christian. We've got Nicholas. I know it's very early, guys. I know that most of the RetoFund members are sleeping. But, you know, I don't have time later today because I wasn't going to do live stream at all today. But I think based on what Trump did yesterday in the markets and a lot of crypto popping up, I think, yeah. I need to do this live stream. You know, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to remember what I'm, you have to, you have to understand this.

00:04:57
When you need me the most, I'm always here. You know, I never hide. I never, I'm always here. You know, when needed most, when everything is fine, that's when you will not hear something from me. That's just it. So we've got Richard, we've got Christian, what do we got? What do we got? We've got Josh, we've got Yasin, what do we got? What do we got? We've got Clinton. Okay. What do we got? We got Josh. What do we got? What do we got? We got Kira. We got Matic. What do I got? What do I got? More. Yes, yes, yes. L. No sleep. Crypto Fury. Good morning. Good morning, guys. So first of all, let me see this plain digital. Hey, man, I was asking last year about XRP.

00:05:40
You checked it with your Indian tool. It will go down like hell. That's something I would never say. So first of all, you're lying here. It's just a big lie because I know that I will never say something like this. I know that I said it about Laird and Bera and a lot of other coins that I'm chase trading, but I would never say this about XRP. I know I won't. I closed my position and fixed my losses. I've lost around 2. 5K. Thank you. So with this guy, guys, you have to see it like this. That's all just, you know, that's all just, you have to see it like this. You have people in the world. They want to become rich trading, but they don't know how to trade.

00:06:24
So I don't know. I don't even know who this is, but he was in XRP trade. So first of all, I will never, ever, ever tell you to go in a trade or to go out of trade or to whatever. I never answer these questions because I only tell you what I do. I tell what I do. I will never tell you what you should do. So, that's number one, so this guy, I don't know, he's you know, this is one of those many by the way, I blocked also some other retail fund members unfortunately today, but it's you know, the problem is with these guys is, is they are so emotional, sensitive when markets go up and they're not in it, oh we lost that, we missed the train, they think that the train and the rocket has You know, they're listening to Trump when he said, yes, the rocket is going off and they didn't take the trade.

00:07:20
And oh, and then they get emotional. They get on tilt and then they lose everything, they lose themselves, emotions, et cetera. First of all, people like that, I cannot help you. And let me give you one guarantee, one billion percent guarantee. You guys will stay wrecked the rest of your lives. You will never, ever, ever be successful in whatever it is that you're doing. So that's number one. So I will definitely not be able to help you. So what does that mean? It means that it also has, there is zero reason to join my live streams or to join or to watch, be educated by me or whatever. It has that because you guys are hearing me, but you're not listening to me. And every.

00:08:12
I sold it myself and based on your opinion, let me tell you this-um first of all, Mr. Plan Digital, I don't know who you are, I don't know what you're doing here, but based on if you look at my opinion, my opinion will never be that it will go down or up because we don't know that nobody knows it; the only thing that we do is analyze it day by day, but the the fact that you're pointing fingers means that I have to block you forever. So, you will never be welcome to Twitter, to YouTube, whatever. So, my thing to say to you is, have a nice day. Stay wrecked the rest of your life because you should never. This is the last advice that I'm going to give you now in this live chat.

00:08:57
My advice is: never, ever blame someone for your own failures; never, and you should also never, ever do something. Because of what someone else is saying, I didn't tell you to sell your XRP, by the way. But if even if someone would tell you, listen: you have to buy it, you have to sell it, so just don't do that. Don't do that. That's the only advice I'm gonna give you, but I have to I have to ban you forever, so have a nice day. Okay, well this guy's gone now, and guys, it's not you know. It's not that I want to do something like this, but, you know, I don't have any choice because these people like this will not, for me; I don't give a crap about it.

00:09:44
So, a lot of people like that. But, you know, people like this are exactly the people that, you know, that will ruin and distract the good people that are trading themselves, that are making money, that want to do better, et cetera, et cetera. They are blocking them because this is destruction to anyone. So I will block you, Josh. I'm going to be super honest with you. I block anyone. I don't care if my own mother would be in the live chat and she is doing something to distract others or to get us off the path of education and to make money. I will block her. I don't care who you are. Even if I know you like a million years, I don't care. I will block you. You know why?

00:10:36
Because I've got a mission and my mission is more important than anyone. So anyone that comes in my way, I will block him. It's that simple because if I would give people space to bring in distractions and these kinds of things, it's, you know. I don't have the time for that. So I will block you. I will block you. I will definitely block you, bro. I will definitely block you. If I see someone distracting whatever it is I'm doing, I'm going to block him. It's that simple. So it's just that simple. So, Josh, I really hope. And it's not about making a mistake. Everyone can make a mistake. We are all humans. So everyone makes a mistake. I make a mistake. Everyone makes a mistake. But it's not about that.

00:11:24
It's about what kind of mistake you make. Because the moment that you start pointing fingers to another, and, you know, this guy is talking about XRP. I really have no clue what he's talking about. I really mean it. I really have no clue what he's talking about. I don't even remember it. What is he talking about? I don't know. Why isn't he talking about, oh, listen, MW, I made 250K shorting layer. No, you don't hear that. But he's talking about XRP. I don't even remember. You know, if you would tell me, listen, you said, because I will never, ever say or tell you what to do. Never. But if you would say, listen, MW, your opinion was that you were shorting layer. You said you made it a stable coin and you have put all your money in it.

00:12:09
And you are so you just said it openly on Twitter like a million, zillion times. You said that you are going to destroy Layer. OK, so suppose that he would say that. A layer would be up. Then I can say, okay, I said that. This is what I said. I know that I said this. I've got you guys in the courtroom to witness that I said this over and over again. But he's talking about this. I don't even remember that. What is he talking about? And then, you know, he comes into my live chat while I'm trying to do a market update or whatever. Then he comes into my live chat to tell me to blame me. So he's blaming me. For his own failures.

00:12:52
This is, if you want to see me mad, because I'm pretty calm now, but if you want to see me angry, do that. Blame another, and it's not about me. Even if he would say, listen, Janice, you told me to buy Bitcoin at that level and I lost like 3K because of you. I'll block him also. Never, ever, ever, ever. Blame someone else for your own failures. Just don't. Because you are a loser. You know? Because these type of people remind me of the ones that are, you know, that are in the comments of these big shilling accounts, you know, like Alex Becker or whatever, telling them always, okay, listen, buy here, buy here, and then I get wrecked. But Becker, you told me to buy here and I'm wrecked now. It's not the fault of Becker. It's your fault. Why are you listening to that guy? Why did you do what he said? Only blame yourself for your failures, never blame anyone else, because the moment you do that, you're a loser. It's that simple.

00:14:04
I don't even know what XRP is. What is XRP? I know that XRP, by the way, for this loser I'm saying like for the past live stream, XRP is number one volume coin on Upbit. Number one. It's number one. So, you know, because I don't even know where is XRP. Let me check XRP. Where is XRP? XRP is number one coin on Upbit. It's the highest volume is there.

00:14:46
So he told me, I told him to sell XRP. Why would I say that he should have? Over here. I think over here, yes. Probably, maybe, maybe. I don't remember. I'm just guessing. So over here we had XRP losing the Daily Indie. Bearish, bearish, bearish. And this is bearish. Nothing changed, my friend. This is a very good lesson to all of you guys. Listen up. Because. Oh my god, listen, this is bearish; this is bearish, so forget about this scandal, just forget about it, so this over here is bearish, bearish, bearish, boom down, and then you get Mr. Trump yesterday openly saying to the whole world, 'listen', go out there and go buy some stocks! First of all, I've never seen something like this. Never, ever, ever. I've seen someone doing something.

00:15:44
I've never, never, ever seen a president openly saying to people, 'go out there, buy stocks', because they will rock it up. I've never, ever, ever seen that. And also, me as an analyst, I don't have any grip on that, if that happens. There's a narrative that happens. I don't know that. How do I know that Trump is going to say that? Because the charts are showing me that this, XRP, for example, is better. So then you've got Trump saying, 'okay', go out there and just buy everything up. So, okay. So this is, we're going to talk about that in a moment, by the way, on the charts. But then people will start buying whatever. Anyone who has got some money starts buying. So they will also buy XRP.

00:16:27
By the way, XRP, this bump, I think most of this is just bots. Because, you know, the big coins like Ethereum, like XRP, like Solana, et cetera, most of the price section that you see on the charts are bots. They're not real people. And what happens is, you know, when Bitcoin goes up, those bots automatically get triggered and they start buying XRP, Ethereum, Solana. VeChain is also one of those, by the way. So they start buying those assets. It goes automatically. So there is a big bag of money. It's all those accounts, those bots, you know, they just go with the flow. So I'm just, I'm just, you know, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I think, I don't know for sure, because this plane, whoever he is, because yesterday Mr. Trump did whatever it is that he did and the markets went up, he's blaming me for that.

00:17:38
You know, $2. 5K you lost. That's my fault. My fault that you lost $2. 5K. I hope you'll lose 250K. You know, these people are just so, so, so bad from inside. You know, just keep in mind, guys, if you want to grow as a trader, that's also why I tweeted in the morning. People are weak. People are weak. You know, I can get it right a million times on a row. If the President of the United States says, 'Okay, go buy some stocks,' the markets pump, and, you know, I'm bearish. Let's say just I'm bearish based on the facts. So these are facts. I'm bearish. And then the President of the United States starts saying, 'Oh, let's go, everyone go out there and go buy some stocks.' And the markets go up.

00:18:29
And then. You know, you can do things a million times, right? And it's not even my fault. It's, you know, the President decided to do that. So, if you got some, you know, if you got some healthy brain cells in your head, you know, okay, well, if I'm any short, I should be careful. He also, MW showed us yesterday, UCT dominance was dropping. He was telling us that there was a little bit of buying. Pressure there are some liquidations going on above the 100k okay I have to be cautious here and we were just waiting and I just tweeted also yesterday I cannot find one single altcoin to short, one single, I couldn't find it, I was checking all the charts, and this was before Trump and this was before the pump, I couldn’t find one single altcoin for short, I just couldn’t find it, and there was a reason why I couldn’t find it.

00:19:24
There was a, it's, you know, I don't choose an alt counter shorted because I just feel like shorting it. No, there just ain't no alt counter short at that moment. But either way. So, and then you got something like this happen and then you got something like, oh, well, it's very easy. Let me blame someone else for it. Who's the most obvious one? Let's blame MW. It's very simple. The only thing is, first of all, you have to, for yourself, not even for me, don't care about me or whoever for yourself. Never, ever, ever blame someone. Never, never. It's the most lowest thing you can do. The lowest thing you can do. Even suppose that you're following some shill who is telling you, 'Listen, you have to buy now this or some signal group and you're going to lose money after it.' Don't blame that person.

00:20:17
Blame yourself. Blame yourself for doing that. Don't blame anyone else. But, you know, I don't even remember. I don't even know what is. But now that I get it back, I still stand by my point that this is bearish. That's it. This is bearish. And, you know, you got some other guys. But the market's pumped and you lost money. Bro, how did I lose money? I didn't lose any money. I lost potential gains. That's how you could see it. I didn’t lose any money. I can jump into any trade. Does this look like I'm losing some money? I'm not losing money. I made a big bag of money. But every move made on the markets, you know, crypto has to make another. Let's just say Bitcoin and the altcoins need to make another.

00:21:13
Let's just say Bitcoin needs to go to 250K and altcoins need to make another, let's just say 80, 90%. Or double. That's when maybe they will come close to what I made on this trade. I'm in no rush. Easy. Okay. Altcoins are going up. Calm down. You cannot control it. If Trump decides, together with his friends, by the way, because it was, by the way, an orchestrated pump, by the way. It was all orchestrated. I've been analyzing this all night long. I haven't slept a lot. So, because I just needed to figure out, because forget about these cockroaches and forget about these uneducated people. Forget about them. Let's get into some alpha. I keep breaking my, cracking my head. What's going on? What's the plan here? What are they doing?

00:22:11
Trump and what is Powell doing? What's going on there? There is something. He's doing something. And I just couldn't find it. I already told you that I couldn't find it. But I think I found it yesterday because I connected the dots. You know, it was basically I shared it with you directly. And when I shared it with you, there was one guy, yeah, so what do I need to do next? And there was another guy, ha, ha, ha. What's so funny about it, bro? I'm sharing something super important that maybe nobody will tell you ever. And you're laughing. What's funny about it? I don't understand these people. Instead of reading what's out there, thinking about it and acting on it to change your freaking life financially. No. So what do we do next?

00:23:05
What should I do next? Another one. What's so funny about it? Yeah, I just don't get it. I just don't get it. Oh, for me, it was very simple. Block, block. So, okay, Mr. Kool Kool Khan, here, Mr. Kool Kool Khan, you're banned also. Don't ever tell me what I do, what I say, and when I say it. Even if you meant it good, I don't care about it. Don't tell me what to do. I talk about whatever it is that I want to talk about. And if you don't like it, you just unsubscribe and move on. So you're blocked also. Never tell me what to do. I hate it when people tell me what to say or not to say. So your ban is also. Next one. Who's next?

00:23:52
Don't ever tell me what I should say or what I say. If I feel like talking an hour about this loser, I will talk about him for an hour. And if you don't like it, move on. And, you know, although I'm getting angry, I will not swear. I will not swear. But never, ever tell me what to do. Like, I will never, ever tell you what you should do. Because if you feel like watching this, you watch. If you don't feel like watching it. You just click it out put your TV out or whatever just move on if you don't like my content you just unsubscribe it's that simple but don't tell me what i should do don't never ever tell me what i should do don't tell me what i should do don't tell me what i should i hate it when someone tells me what mw just just do this don't tell me what to do i'm a free man just like you guys are free everyone is free so

00:24:42
you can say you can say what i can ask questions etc but never ever tell me what i should do while i'm doing it so if i feel like talking about something i talk about it and if it wasn't important because as dumb as these people are if it wasn't important for you guys i wouldn't talk about it because there is a message i'm i'm making a message of this person for you to get the healthy mindset because he's not the only one. There are more of you guys. And this one that I just banned also, he's also sensitive because he's now, I know how it is. I know exactly how it is. These people are not in here for the education. These people are hungry for it.

00:25:25
Oh, I need to make money. Oh, I need to make a toy. What should I do? Should I long? Should I short? Should I do this? This is people are tinkling. You know, they're shaking. You see, when someone is used to taking heroin and cocaine shots, and you know he doesn't get his cocaine shot for like a day-that's how people are. Oh, forget about the closer. Just tell me, tell me, tell me. Should I be long? Are we bearish? Are we bullish? Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. For these losers, you know. This is what makes me so freaking angry because listen-everyone that's in here, you guys all know, you guys all know, you guys all know. I educate you. You guys how to trade.

00:26:07
I educate you guys how to make freaking money. I tweeted about this in the morning. Look at this! Look at this! Look at this! Okay, so you don't even have to use... yesterday we talked about ETH breaking out. ETH BTC showing power. I showed you that Bitcoin dominance was was getting bearish, etc., etc. Okay, you've been educated for this-at least if you watch the leverage trading course vids. Look at this! Just look at this! Just look at this! I'm giving you a big bag of money. I just gave you guys a big bag of money. Here, you want an ATM? You want money? Here's the money. Just take it. The only thing that you have to do, you have to go put in your card, put in your code, and get the cash out.

00:26:46
I'm giving you all the freaking tools you need for that. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Okay. So Trump is getting, you know, buy stocks, buy whatever, and ETH is getting momentum. Okay, so I'm bullish on ETH. I run bullish on ETH. Okay, let's go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Long, long. Boom, boom, boom, boom, long. It didn't even break the five minutes. Okay, there we go. Long, boom, long, long, boom, boom, long, long. You could even go in over here, over here. Boom, long, boom, long, long, long, boom, boom, boom, long, long, long, boom, boom, boom, long, long. Did you see, do you see why this indicator is the best indicator in the world? Do you also understand what I'm telling you a lot of times?

00:27:23
Listen guys, this indicator works best when FOMO hits in. You know, it's either when it comes down, some FUD comes in, then it works best. And it also works best on FOMO. So when Trump doesn't go by, he's gaining momentum. And I already prepared you guys. This will, by the way, happen on a lot of altcoins. On a lot of altcoins. A lot of altcoins. I already said it. But when it is, just go in. Go in. Like over here. Suppose that you went over here. You made a lot of money. Just add to your position. Don't be afraid. So let me let's just say this so you've got like a $100,000 portfolio you came into this trade you made a lot of money over and with your $100,000 portfolio you just put in like $30,000 let's say you put it 30k away when it comes in here over add another 30.

00:28:12
What what are you saying I'm done yes add another 30 that's what I would do add another 30. But you know what are you saying yes add that another 30. Okay there you go there you go it comes over here add another 30. What yes add another 30. You know why why am I saying add another 30 because now you add a 30 30 30 you're over here at 90. Why because you already made a lot so your portfolio already is in huge gains and what you do is is very simple because if you would add another 30 over here only this is your this this is the risk you're taking this one because if it closes below it you're out And you're still in huge gains.

00:28:54
But if you catch it, what happens a lot of times when the FOMO hits in, you are in with your 90K. And if this thing goes over here, you see that your portfolio is on a 3X, 4X in one single trade. So the risk is minimum, but the gains are huge. So this is what you want me to talk about? I just don't get it. I just don't get it. And then you got some loser coming in. Well, he chose the right timing, by the way, this loser. And then, you know, yeah, well, you know, I lost two and a half K because of you. What? Because of me? Why? Yeah, well, you gave your so you asked me for my opinion and then you're going to wait it out.

00:29:42
If it works out, you're silent about it. And if it doesn't work out, yeah, well, I lost money because of you. This is really the lowest of the lowest of the lowest people available. I think these guys are even worse than cockroaches. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Okay, so let me now explain it to something else. So the momentum is really hitting in very fast over here. So over here, this was the first one. This was the test, okay? But something very important on this chart is that the 15 also is closing in. I've seen this because the 15 is also pushing. So this is willpower. This is really a big, big bump, by the way, guys. But, you know, because this is something people will not tell you.

00:30:34
Because I've been saying now for weeks, if not months, listen, guys, you're going to have to flip your Bitcoin into ETH. I know that you see all those look on chain posts. You see all those. Like Uncle Ren, everyone telling you ETH is dead, ETH is dead, ETH is dead, ETH is this, ETH is that. Everyone's telling you that. What have I been saying for weeks, months? I'm telling you, you have to flip your money into ETH. ETH is where, when the rise comes, that is the one that will pump much harder. I've said it a lot of times. But you know, yeah. Will someone tell AMW, listen, I don't do fiat, I don't do fiat, and I just only have Bitcoin. I watched your live stream several times.

00:31:26
You talked about it. You know what I did? I just flipped like half of my portfolio of Bitcoin into ETH, and I just made 22% yesterday in gains. Will someone tell you that? No. I'll tell you that. You need to tell me, by the way, also, because let's be clear that I will never, ever. ever ever ever ever ever take ask you to give me credits about the trade you took never there's a reason for that because you know in trading there's always you know it's two ways things could go south things go north so i don't need you to tell me listen mw look look look how great you you made me make it i've made a lot of money i don't need it you know if i would you know

00:32:16
when i talk about for example when i talk for example about layer when i talk about layer when i talk about layer and i you know i i i just destroy this thing i just i you know there's nothing i made more i made more noise about the layer nothing i think layers the one that made the maze noise about it if i tell you that i made it into stablecoin and i just 25 my trading portfolio 25x that's me i'm talking about myself or my i talk about myself or i talk about my team That's what I talk about. Talk about nobody else. So if, for example, the read the file member one, you know, if someone DMs me, tells me, MW, I made a lot of congrats. Don't thank me.

00:32:57
That's my answer. Don't thank me. Be proud of yourself. It's you did that, not me. I didn't do it. I just showed you what I was doing. So that you did it, all credits go to you. So keep that in mind, guys. So I don't need that. So let me go back to DS5. So this, so. I've been thinking about it all night long, what’s going on over there, what’s what’s the plan here, what’s Trump doing? But you know, the circle gets connected, the dots have been connected and I see it now, I know what they’re doing. What they’re doing is very simple; it was it was so obvious. Also, you know what they’re doing is they are Powell is defending the US dollar because I know that for the ones that have been watching his interview, whatever, I’ve been listening to him and whatever it is that he said.

00:34:01
For me, it’s basically just one thing. He’s defending the US dollar. That’s what he said. Because you could skip all those journalists. You could skip everything they're asking him. You could skip everything he says. He could just come out there, take the mic. I will do whatever it is to defend the US dollar. And then he can go home again. Because that's basically it, what he said. But you have to see it. You have to see it like this.

00:34:32
Just notice we're live. Bro, or bro, sorry, Marissa. Marissa, it's very simple. I share it on Telegram. So your notification on Telegram. I share it on Patreon. And I also extra share it on Twitter. So I'm sharing it on three platforms before I'm going live. And I think, so I don't know, or you have to give me your telephone number, WhatsApp, and our app. I'm sharing it on three platforms. I don't know how much more to do. So basically what's going on over here is, so we've got Pavel. Paul is just defending the US dollar. So it's, you know, it's bad cop, good cop. And it's very smart. You know, that's, you know, it was like 3 a. m., you know, and I just saw it. Okay, now I'm understanding what they're doing.

00:35:21
You know, it's very simple. So you got good cop, bad cop. Because, you know, you see this hate between Trump and Powell. I don't believe it. I just don't believe it. I think, you know, I think this and it's a masterpiece, by the way. So it's in my opinion, it's really a masterpiece what they're doing, because it's very, very smart what they're doing. So you got one is defending the US dollar. And the other one is, is because if the US dollar would be very, very strong, the stocks will, you know, especially with the terror force and etc. The stocks could dump down very hard. So what are we going to do? We're going to act as if we are good cop, bad cop, and then we're enemies, and you defend the US dollar, and I will make sure that I will feed the people greed to keep buying the stocks so they will not dump them.

00:36:15
That's what's going on over here. That's what they're doing in the United States. For now, it's working. For now. For now. Because you have to keep in mind, because I know not a lot of people are not talking about this. You do you. I do me. There is. A possible nuclear war could escalate in maybe today, tomorrow, or next week. So I don't know if you guys are, nobody's, you know, I don't think a lot of people are talking about this, but there are two nuclear powers fighting each other as we speak. So I just, I don't know if someone is noticing this, but let's hope that they will settle this down as soon as possible before there is no way back. So. It's like, you know, people said, we're going to talk about that war in a moment. So we've got Russia and China meeting yesterday also at the same day because the timing was very good. We have a new pope. Oh, my God.

00:37:29
Let's see. Let me do it again. Let me do it again. So we have a new pope. We had Trump telling people openly, 'Go outside there.' It's like you know, it's like you know, it remembered me like you know, there is some outlet store of Nike or whatever, you know, everything, 80%, some Black Friday, you know, everything for 80% discount. Because that's how it sounded like. Well, the stocks are at all-time high levels. But he did it. So this is the power of Trump. So I love the guy, by the way. But he just said, you know what? Just go out there. Go buy yourself some stocks. You're going to buy them at premium levels, all-time high levels. And I don't care about that. Just go buy them.

00:38:14
So that's what happened yesterday. So we had the Pope. We had Trump telling people, just go outside there and go out there and go because everything is going to rock it up. Because you have to keep in mind this, by the way, guys. He could be right about stocks going to rock it up. But maybe they're going to dump 80% first before they're going to rock it up. And he would still be right. Because you have to understand. But that's why I also told you yesterday, is this financial advice? What he said. Is that financial advice? Because you have to see it like this. If I was going to say, okay, listen, guys, this altcoin is going to the moon. It's going to make a 5x. Okay.

00:38:57
And we are over here, and this is the 5x. Yes? Okay. So you guys, okay, MW, we're going to follow you. But you're buying over here. You're buying over here. And then this thing does like this, and then does like this. I'm still right. I wasn't wrong. When I told you that it was going to rock it up. I wasn't wrong. It's still true. But it doesn't mean that this thing couldn't dumb down. And then you got someone, yeah, well, but I'm W, but I got liquidated and then it went up. I didn't tell you to put your liquidation levels very near or over here. I didn't tell you to leverage trade. I just told you that this thing will rock it up, and it did. So I was right.

00:39:41
I didn't lie about it. you know i can talk about this like you know for for hours and hours and hours and i don't think that many of you guys will honestly understand what i'm talking about but i'm trying my best to get into your mind but let's just say for me it's clear now what trump is doing with powers it's just this is just and then you also have these you know this part these trump friends uh crypto related friends because you know they know what daddy's gonna do they know what daddy's gonna say so they were prepared for this they were prepared for this and they acted on it and when they acted on it and then it was like you know like a snowball effect boom boom boom it went up so uh for the ones for the for the for the ones that let me tell you this so for example eth let me give you eth for example you see you see this because

00:40:37
By the way, that loser that has gotten banned, if you would ask me how was ETH looking here, I would tell you ETH is looking super bullish. Look, look, look. Because when you see like this above the Indy, this is super bullish. But if ETH would pump up like this, like many coins did, by the way, like I told you, I've been telling you, you know, I've been basically. If I would just go back in time, past weeks, I've been telling you into you know, I told all of you guys, you have to watch all those altcoins, they're breaking above the indicator, they're gonna get back into the indicator and then they can pop up very hard.

00:41:19
I've said it like a zillion times, and this is one of those look at this, this is one of those examples where exactly pop up if I would say it's bullish, but if you would be very big in here, would you tell me, would you make a comment, you wouldn't so okay. So if but if let me get back to the story if when this bump happens, it goes very fast, guys, it doesn't give you any time to join them. You know, if you are very, you know, on the charts, you're seeing on a five minutes, you just, okay, wait a minute. The phone was hitting. Okay, I'm going in just like explained then. Okay. You can make a lot of money, but people that are busy or, you know, people that are, you know, a lot on the charts, they cannot catch this move.

00:42:13
They cannot catch this move goes very fast, but even if, so this is when you see a bump like this, this is organized. This orchestrated, don't think that this thing, oh no, there's a lot of things happened before this pump happened. This was all organized and you know, then you know, you see when it was at 3k and all the influencers were telling you, 'organized and orchestrated to buy ETH at 3k.' Yeah, let me show, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure here here it was. It's still here, this over here, you remember that what happened after it? Look at this, you see this, he's dumped like crazy and they orchestrated told you to buy it. Why didn't they let's just say they follow on will killer.

00:43:09
They have his the best indicator in the markets, in my opinion, and then they have this why didn't they? All say over here, guys, you should all buy ETH now. See, why? Why didn't they, you know, why wasn't like, you know, just like, you know, that Helena Vid, buy ETH, buy ETH, buy ETH, buy. Why didn't we see that over here? Especially when ETH was, you know, a lot of, you know, pretty wealthy people in the world, they always ask me, should we buy ETH? My answer was very clear past weeks. I say, yes. Should we buy? Yes. DCA start buying it. If it goes to the box, 12,000, just buy ETH. I'm buying ETH. If it goes back, I'm buying. It's even on the long ETF. It's awesome.

00:44:04
Why don't they tell you to buy ETH here? But they do tell you to buy ETH at 3K. The moment you can understand the answer to this question is the moment that you wake up. Oh, wait a minute. Okay. So this is how it works. And then let's go to the next step. So you miss this thing. Okay, you miss this pump of heat. Okay. Are you going to cry about it? No, that's not how I trained you. If you miss a pump, I don't care even if they would all go like pumps like this. And I missed it. I'm not in. Because why? Because I was bearish. Okay. But why did they pump you? There's a narrative, Mr. Trump, telling people, go outside and buy. I keep laughing about this. It doesn't make any sense into my head. The President of the United States saying openly, guys, go out there, buy yourself some stocks because they're going to rock it up. Guys, just think about this for a moment.

00:45:22
But also the way that he said it, just go out there and buy yourself some stocks. I just don't get it. I just don't understand. Maybe you guys, have you guys ever seen something? I've never, ever seen something like this. Never, never in my whole life. Seen a President, and this is especially the President of the United States, just go out there and buy yourself some stocks. I don't know. I don't, I do, I do, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. So basically, why am I saying this? So even if I missed a pump or miss, I don't care about it. You know why? First of all, I'm not buying; I'm not buying at FOMO levels, and I'm not talking about crypto because crypto-a lot of coins are you know?

00:46:10
You remember the video I made like two weeks ago? I told you: listen, I think that crypto. I think that you should flip bullish on crypto because I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto. Basically, from that day, crypto never came back. From that day, it wasn't a Monday. I remember it very well. I told you, listen, guys, I think that a lot of money will flow into crypto because stocks and this and that and gold is too expensive. I thought from that day, crypto never came back. But forget about that one. So if I miss this, bro, I'm in cash. I've got a lot of cash. I'm going to trade it. Okay okay bro, so you wanted me pumped on this thing, okay I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait, I'm gonna wait, it's so bad I'm gonna wait-this is for example some resistance.

00:46:57
Okay okay okay, so my investment bag for example didn't get hit, let's say that you're a spot back, okay no problem. So I'm gonna trade this thing, I'm gonna use my indie, I'm gonna put it on a 5x, why not 5x? You know what it means, 5x-let me tell you what 5x means, that's the beauty, that's the beauty of, that's the beauty of leverage trading. So this thing came up with $25, 5x means that I only have to make five percent, that's it. So I'm gonna wait indicator resistance, I only need to make five percent down, so what is five percent down? Five percent down suppose that I would enter over here at $22. 80, five percent down, so it means that this coin or if it needs only to come back to $21.

00:47:48
55-this is only on a 5x, guys! And then I made just as much money on a spot back from here to here, that's how I think as a trader. So why am I explaining this? You should be immune in your head and in your emotions about price action. When you see price, you know. It was also that post. What was that tweet? I tweeted something very important. Tweeted something very important. I tweeted something. My tweets are sometimes a little bit crazy, but most of my tweets, there's always, always a lot of alpha behind it. A lot of it behind it. Where is it? What did I say? Yeah, over here. When markets dump and you're out, you feel comfortable so over here, suppose that you know over you didn't short this well, that's your loss, whatever.

00:48:47
But you did for example, you didn't short it while I was making so much noise about it, but I told you I'm gonna short it, but suppose that you didn’t short this, okay? You didn’t short this, so meaning that you didn’t make any money, but you also are out of the markets. So, While you're not shorting and you're out of the markets, this thing is going down, down, down. You feel comfortable. I feel great. Yes. Okay. But then when markets bump and you're out, you get on tilt. You lose your mind. You lose your emotions. Oh, I lost. I missed the train, I missed the rocket sign. You are an amateur. If that's the feeling, if that is the feeling that comes into your body, into your head, you are an amateur.

00:49:48
And you are made to get wrecked. Because if you don't want to miss on any bumps like this, you should have bought with me when I was buying over here, or you should have bought with me over here when I was buying over here. Or you should from I don't care when if you did if you sold your bag over here, you start DCA buying; you buy here, you buy here, you buy here, you buy here, it's just because why we're reaching low levels so if a pump happens, you're always in; how I say this, I'm a trader, I'm an investor and I explained you why I'm a trader, I'm 80% trader; why am I traded?

00:50:29
Because every move on a spotback made I can make that money in two hours using just 5x; I don't i have no time for this spot back for me, whatever I can make that like this, I hope, I really I really hope and you know, you know, you know, you know what the bad story is. You know, I just made, I just made the trade of the year. What is it? Over here. I made the trade of the year over here. And this was just, this is still running, by the way, look at it. And then at the same time, I'm fighting cockroaches and I'm explaining people how to trade and how to invest in crypto; it's really mind-blowing. I just made the trade of the year.

00:51:41
By the way, I made a lot of mind-blowing trades. Instead of people, I just don't get it. Then people are talking, I missed the bubble. It went up by 20%. I sold my XRP. Because if you surrender yourself, now comes the most important part. So this guy, let me get back to this guy so I can annoy more people in this stream today. Because, you know, everything I'm saying about this guy is also about you. But somehow you guys don't understand that. It's about you also. Because I know that many of you guys have the same feeling. And that's why I'm taking him as an example. So at least. The fact that he has gotten banned, at least we have to give it a meaning, you know, that it wasn't for nothing.

00:52:40
Listen, guys. Now comes the most important part. If he sold his bag over here. By the way, I already had no clue where that two and a half K came from, because I don't know when he bought it or what he did. I just don't know. But let's just say he sold his bag. If I would be him and I sold my bag over here, for example, I would have peace with that. And even if XRP made this one up, I would be still confident and strong in my mind. I made the right decision. That's how a trader thinks. That's how a trader thinks. Because this, this was just Mr. Trump. 70, 80% of the times you make the right decision. You made the right decision there.

00:53:38
Even if this thing went up like this, you made the right decision. And you have to believe in that to be successful in trading. You have to believe in the fact that you made the right decision. And what does that mean? When you believe that you made the right decision, it means that you have. One from greed. Greed is not ruling your mind. You are ruling greed. You know how to protect yourself. Because that's why, if you want an explanation, why I'm saying that people like this will always get wrecked, will always stay losers, will always, it's because they have the wrong mindset. That's it. If you want to be a trader, you have to be immune to greed.

00:54:26
So if this thing bumps up out of nowhere, boom, and you sold over here, and even if it was in a loss, you have to stay confident. You have to say, okay, okay, I made the right decision. And while you're saying that to yourself, maybe this thing broke up. Maybe it will come back to the levels when I sold. Retest the indicator on the Indy, and then I'll jump back in at the same levels to make a run up. This is how a trader thinks: You can even say to yourself, 'Okay, I missed this bump, maybe I'm just gonna short it, you know, put on the indicator over here, I'm gonna short it. Maybe let's see what do we got, what do we got over here?

00:55:09
You can catch it over here, you can catch it over here. This is a nice catch, and I'm here. Also trade under 15 minutes, this is also look over here. This was a short entry, this one, so you would already be in like how much? It would already be in 1% on a 5X on 5%, while this thing bumped... I don't know how much, 10, 20%? So this, you know, while someone was getting bored and bailed after it, he really has no clue. This, what I'm explaining you now, the past, I don't know how long, 30 minutes, 55 minutes. This is maybe even more important than analyzing markets or doing TA or whatever. This is the 51%. It's your mindset. It's your mindset. Super important. It's your mindset.

00:56:11
If you don't own the right mindset, you will get nowhere. You know, you can be the best trader in the world. You can do whatever, you know, analyst, everything. But if you don't own the right mindset, you're going to lose money. It's that simple. So enough about this. So let me go. So I was seeing, by the way, Eagle. I saw that Eagle was the Koreans. So let me go to the Koreans. I saw Eagles. Eagle has been listed. Oh, so this has created. By the way, guys, Eagle, I want to give you guys a secret. I was, there was a time, you know, when I was, you know, really loving coins or whatever. Eagle was in that time was still ERD. It was called ERD. Later they merged to Eagle, but it was ERD.

00:57:03
I was, I was really, really, really. A big fan of ERD, you know, and this going to the moon whether I made a lot of money on ERD so don't no one doesn't have to; I made really, really sick money on ERD, uh, but luckily for me, I know when to sell, so I sell, so the greed won't take me, you know. Although I'm super bullish on ERD that time, but I knew okay, well now it's time, you know. You know my style is this and this is why I've been explaining the past hour; this mindset my style. For example, I'm super bullish on ERD and I think that ERD will go to the moon. Okay, fine. But for example, if I put in 10K and that 10K turns into 150K or 200K, you know what I do?

00:57:47
I take out 150K and let 50K run. And then if it goes a little more up, for example, that 50K turns into 100K, I take out 50K and I let 50K run. That's my style. That's how I do it. So even though that thing will dump down, you know, even if it dumps a little bit down, I see that momentum goes away. I will sell also the Romanian mode. But this is how I do it. This is how I do it. That's how I am successful. Because, you know, greed cannot touch me. I'm the biggest enemy of greed. I just don't care. So this is really, really, really super, super important. guys for you

00:58:25
guys to know so uh so uh i think it's really it reached really some uh oh we're gonna talk about the germans by the way in a moment guys these germans are really these germans are doing some crazy stuff guys germans are really these germans are really getting crazy i i just don't get it germans are you know they made a new all-time high i think yesterday we didn't talk about them but we need to talk about them let me let me show you guys So these Germans, that's why I tweeted about it. I told you, listen, these Germans. Oh, look at this, guys. New all-time high. This is the DAX, guys. Look at this.

00:59:08
I think that they already made a new high, but I think that this M formation will work out, and it will not be a perfect M formation. So maybe we're going to get a higher one over here. But let me tell you guys, I'm really prepared for this one. Maybe it's going to take another month. Maybe it's going to take another two months. I don't care. I'm prepared for this one. So this is how I think as a trader. This is me. I've got a plan. I've got a plan. And my plan is very clear. So I'm eyeing this thing. This thing, first of all, if this thing will not get through, I think that this thing will break through it. I've been eyeing the decks now for days.

00:59:52
There is just too much. By the way, guys, we killed this. This is what you're seeing over here. Me and the team, we killed this dump. We killed it. And by killed it, I really mean we killed it. We destroyed it. But I'm eyeing Minot another time. Minot. let's do it another time so yesterday over here we had this new offline this was the new author right and then you know it slowed down a bit look at this this thing just want to push push push it's it's you know those germans are really on steroids uh it's you know uh you know all the money they you know all the bitcoin they sold their buying stocks their own stocks with it So funny. Germans, they sold their Bitcoin. Bitcoin is at 100K.

01:00:45
Please, my retail fam, you guys are with me. I want you guys to not be the stupid boy. Don't be stupid. Please don't be stupid. Don't follow the herd. Those guys are uneducated dumbasses. You know, they're only there for anger. You have to be smart. I want you guys to be. I'm telling you a lot of times. You guys are not strong. And by strong, I don't mean you have to understand me. I don't mean strong. You're against a big marketing machine, big wheels. Those are the strong ones. You have to outsmart them. It's the only way to be successful. You have to be smart. Because, look, you got this clown. I'm not even going to call him clown.

01:01:29
Because why he's no clown, he's about the smartest person I've seen in my life, yeah, so when we're talking, we're talking about Michael Saylor, Michael said this, he acts like a clown. Yes, I agree with that one, but this guy is just the smartest person ever. Look what he's doing. So you got all these people in crypto, what they do with them, let's see what Michael Saylor has been posting today. And he has got just an automated, you know, or he's hiring someone every day. Bitcoin is going to this. Bitcoin is going to a million. Bitcoin is still cheap. Bitcoin is dead. I'm buying Bitcoin, or we're buying Bitcoin, and I'm buying Bitcoin, and you should buy Bitcoin, and there is no second best, and Bitcoin is the best, and Bitcoin this, Bitcoin that.

01:02:16
Bitcoin is nothing. What is Bitcoin? That's all that's realistic over here. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is nothing. Bitcoin is an asset. That you can buy just like an NFT; it gives it has value because other people give it value; there's no technology; there's nothing out there. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin if Michael said it would buy all the Bitcoin in the world, it will go to zero, you know why? Because Bitcoin has only value if you want to buy it and I want to buy it and your neighbor wants to buy it, everyone else wants to buy it. So together we created this Ponzi asset. Yes, there is some technology there, but that technology is outdated. If you go to Ethereum, Tron, if you go to Cardano, that technology is way, way, way better and nobody's using the blockchain, the Bitcoin blockchain.

01:03:14
Who's using the Bitcoin blockchain? Who? So what is Bitcoin? Well, Michael Sater is saying that it's going to 2 million bucks. Let me explain to you what Michael Sater is doing. This is Michael Sater. What is this? What is this? 8 April. Look at this. I tweeted about this yesterday. 8 April. 8 April. Look. 8 April. Are you seeing this? It's 80%. 80%. So from 8 April. 8 April was one month ago? Yes. One month ago. Is it? One month ago? Yes. It's one month ago. So in one month. In one month. One single month. His company. Almost doubled in value. And he has got a pretty big company, Mr. MicroStrategy. It's a big company. So almost doubled. Do you know what it means? He doubled the value of his company. Doubled. So let's see. Where is Mr. Bitcoin? Where are you, Mr. Bitcoin? Come, Mr. Bitcoin. Come. So Bitcoin bumped like crazy past days. So only yesterday, only yesterday, look at this. So you have to see it like this. Only the last four or five days, and it's basically Michael Saylor buying also, Bitcoin bumped to 10%. 10%, 10%, 10%. So let us go to 8th April. Here it is:

01:05:16
36%. Do you see how this guy is fooling you? Do you see what this guy is doing? Do you understand why he keeps promoting and buying Bitcoin? It's not because he gives a damn about Bitcoin. It's feeding money into his company. Because the more Bitcoin goes up, the more people buy his share from his company. That's it. Basically, he's the same just like any shiller, you know on YouTube and on Twitter because if you know if let's say Alton Delio They've got like a million followers and they do daily shows and they make like 100k every day on Monetization on whatever it is on my YouTube revenues revenues Twitter, etc If Bitcoin would go down and everyone would go away from Bitcoin They wouldn't make any money.

01:06:16
So they have to keep yelling every day that crypto is going to the moon and Bitcoin is going to the moon. And they have to keep repeating themselves for years and days. Because why? Not because they believe in that. It's because that's how they make money. By saying that. Because if they wouldn't say that, they will not make money. And that's also for banter. That's also for all those. Benjamin Cowell, all of them, all of them that you know them, they have to keep yelling that, you know, everything is going to the moon because the more people get into crypto, the more money they make. And Michael Saylor is the exact same. The more Bitcoin goes up, the more MicroStrategy goes up. Look, Bitcoin going up, MicroStrategy goes up. This guy is making way more money than all those shillers combined.

01:07:20
Yeah, I understand, guys. You will not see this on Twitter. Or nobody will tell you this on Twitter or will tell you this on YouTube. They will not. But this is the hard truth.

01:07:41
Okay, enough about this. Let me go back to the, let me go back to the, back to the. So basically, nothing changed for me. What does nothing change mean? I will not be led by Mr. Trump. So, Mr. Trump made that bump up. Let me be honest with you guys. I didn't trade it. So everything that you're seeing is, oh, up, up, up, either. So I didn't trade it. So I've got that 15% left for my dip buying at the bottom. So, you know, you know, you know, I bought them over here when I told you to buy the bottom. You know, I know a lot of you guys will probably forget this. I told you over here, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy. So I've got like 15% left.

01:08:28
And that 15% I'm going to take out during the day. And then I will be back into 100% cash. And I'm very proud of myself. I'm very happy with myself. Because I made a lot of money. A lot of money. And I'm going to hunt short the FOMO again. That's what I'm going to do. And I'm going to be successful. And I'm going to make a lot of big bags of money. Because that's what I always do. That's what I always do. That's my life. making money on the charts, on the FOMO, on whatever it is. That's what I do. So we got Tia also getting Koreans listed. So also, by the way, over here, beautiful, just for you guys to see an example.

01:09:27
So an example, an example over here, up, down, above the Indy, daily, retesting as we speak. This could trigger another pump up, but be very careful because why be very careful? Bitcoin made a too big of run up and it's today for by the way you guys Fridays are most of the times on polish days for markets for stocks for crypto so Fridays are very very so don't expect I'm not expecting to be honest. Big dumps on a Friday because Friday, it's just what it is. Fridays are super super bullish, bullish days but let me tell you this. The pump of yesterday was just too big, in my opinion. This was really a big pump. And we're reaching now the, look at this, Kabish, all-time high levels.

01:10:21
Because the all-time high levels, this is nothing, guys. Just one micro-seller could just buy a little bit over here and boom. And by the way, you know, something, you know, very concerning. Yesterday at 95, there was, you know. BlackRock was aggressively buying Bitcoin over here. What more can I say? Because you have to see like there's also BlackRock, to be honest. BlackRock is also a company that, you know, they are buying Bitcoin, but, you know, they're just doing the same, just like the exchanges are doing. They just need to get some action into Bitcoin so people start trading it so they can make money. It's just what it is. It's just a business they chose to be in. So that's what they're doing. So for me, it's very simple. I'm hunting.

01:11:19
I'm hunting. I already started hunting, by the way. So there's a lot of green already, by the way. A lot of green. Forget about layers. Uh, the Kaito is fine; worked out fine, there is uh, what is that other one, Nairo, worked out fine. So this is now what's gonna happen so you got, you got, you got, you got, so it's it I didn't choose this, Trump is forcing me to do this. So what you see now is when you see really, that FOMO it's in like this, you know, okay. And then you got the indicator following it, so uh, I would definitely trade it for a long time, the FOMO with them just use the indicator. Let me give you let me show you guys why am I here? Just do this just do this don't be afraid, don't be afraid when you got the indicator with you don't be afraid, please. If you if you if you got the indicator on your side don't be afraid, don't fear markets only need time it's all about time. So what you do is,

01:12:38
what you do is, you have to catch, and I'm not saying on ETH, because I think that other altcoins could do this. So you just have to catch this. So when you see this happen going on, just long the crap out of it. Just go with it. Just go, go, go, go. But just keep in mind, guys, that you see this, are you seeing this? This, look at this. Focus on what I'm going to show you now. At some point, this will happen. See this? It's the same. Up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Up, up, up, up, up, down. Down, down, down, down, down, down, down. This is how trading works. The only thing that you need, you need the indicator.

01:13:22
You have the indicator. If you don't have it, go to my link tree. You'll get it there. That's all. Keep it simple. Look at this. I can also put it on a 50-minute if you want to see it better. Look at this. Aha. Aha. Retest entry. And there we go. Down. You're below it. Down. Down. You can use the five minutes. This is how it's looking. You see this? This is how it's looking. And this will happen on a lot of altcoins, guys. This will happen really on a lot of altcoins. So please, guys, please, please, please again and again and again and again. Focus, please, because you're going to make a lot of money. Just open up the charts. Just follow whatever the money flow will hit in.

01:14:06
We're going to share the top 10 coins very soon. So when we share them, trade them. Put the Indy on, and there you go. So I want, there was someone. I think they just buy Bitcoin so people can buy it from their spot if you haven't traded. That's why I don't get it. I think, you know, guys, don't focus too much on things that, well, if you're very interested in how, I would say just go do your research on it. But this is, you know, this is me. I never go dive very deep into whatever it is out there because I just don't care. The only thing that I care about is the information that I need that will make me money.

01:14:58
So what BlackRock is doing with their funds or their holding or selling, I don't give a crap about that. I just don't care. And I wouldn't, you know, I'm a trader. I'm only looking out to make money. So what I do is I've got, you know, I've got like 128 GB in my brains. And, you know, I only let the most important information in that will make me successful, make me money. So everything else, I don't care about it. You know, I just remove it. I don't need to know it. I don't even want to know it. I don't care. So BlackRock is basically very simple. They've got a spot ETF. And when people buy and sell, they make money. It's that simple. That's how I see it.

01:15:39
Yes, this is a good one, by the way. Ivan, Ivan, virtual. Virtual has been going bananas. Virtual is going bananas. So virtual is definitely one of those coins that I'm interested in. Can you hear me? A very good one, very good one. I was going to talk about it. What's your name? What was your name? Ivan. Very good, very good. Thank you for reminding me. Look at Virgil. What is this? This thing is going bananas. These AI agents are, you know, these AI agents are really something. They just keep. So it's incredible, this thing with this. From our buy zones, what did it do? Forex. This thing is going. These AI agents are really here. So if you want me, how I'm seeing it, this is how I'm seeing it.

01:16:32
So you have to really keep an eye on this level over here. Over here, these are books. So I think that here some turbulence could get in. Possible short. Possible. Yes, definitely. Virtual is definitely on my short list. Because I think that this pump is a little bit too much, it's too much in my opinion, it's too forced, so I think the virtual needs to cool down a little bit, uh, so let's see, let's see. We got the indicator so this is definitely on my short list, so you'll probably see a peanut, you probably can't see Peter, I told you yes but it's it's these these things are going bananas, look at this. On the AI16 XBT also over here. We got this Swarmz. Swarmz, by the way, guys, is very interesting for it.

01:17:25
You know, if you want to make really, really, really, really big gains, if the AI FOMO hits in, you really should give it a look at Swarmz. Swarmz is ridiculous, but because we could have bought this thing over here. 20 cents so but this thing is just a 32 million market cap I'm telling you this thing look at this look at this and there's nothing over here this thing could ramp up up up up up up so this is also one of those coins uh put that damn indicator on put that damn indicator on look at this four more look at this if you would put in a 15 minutes look at this Look at this. It's like ETH. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You're out over here.

01:18:18
ETH didn't lose it. But this is what you're going to see when you're going to trade the indicator on these lower, on these lower or low cap coins. The indicator will get invalidated more often than, for example, on ETH, Solava and Bitcoin. Because it's just too volatile. But, you know, out, you're in again. And there you go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. This is really mind blowing. So keep an eye on this one also. um what do i got there what do i got what do i got them what is this uh fight for a double top i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know fight for a double top fight for a double top you know for now guys i'm really i'm telling you you have to really um what you're gonna see is this so if you're gonna short coins you have to short coins that do like pop You know, and then they cool down.

01:19:14
So you're going to catch them over here. You're going to make a lot of money over here. But you have to keep in mind that if the markets will hold, if the markets will hold, you have to keep in mind that you're going to see more upside. You know, the momentum keeps going in, especially until ETH reaches, because ETH is heading into the resistance level over here. And let's see how strong those ETH bastards are. You know? Let's see how strong they are. Because I think, where is my ETH shot? Why did it disappear? I had some lines over here. So let's see how ETH is going to, ETH is really marching over here. So let's see how ETH is going to, you know. Oh, this is, already crapping in there.

01:20:06
ETH, ETH, ETH, ETH is really, ETH is really killing it over here. So ETH is really this box over here. Oh, you know, this is, this is really, this is really great. There's really a lot of power going on over here, guys. As you guys can see also, the indicator just won't get lost over here. Guys, don't be greedy on the shorts. You have to, you really have, you have to, you have to respect the indicator, guys. You have to respect it. Respect it. Don't let emotions take over. See this? Look at this. Look at this, guys. This is it. On the 15-minute mark. When it goes into the Indy, it didn't even test the Indy, guys. Look, this was the last time. This was the first time.

01:21:02
We didn't even test it again. So when it gets in it, know that the bulls are really, really marching and marching very hard. So you have to be really careful with shorts. You have to only short if you've got, look, look, I'm talking about it. Are you seeing what it's doing? So you have to be, don't, don't have this mindset of, oh, it went up very much. So it can only come down. That's not how you do it. That's not how I educate. You have to have the opposite mindset. Don't look at me. I'm looking at the bigger picture. The bigger picture, I'm super bearish. That's it. Even if Trump says go buy stocks, I don't care. Bigger picture, I'm bearish. So I'm prepared for that. I'm going to prepare myself for that.

01:21:49
And I'll open up my NW Short ETF also, by the way. I forget to say that. I'm going to open it again. So we had January. Well, short ETF 2. 0 is coming. MW long ETF is dead now. It will only wake up when the MW short ETF 2. 0 gets closed. That's when the MW long ETF comes into life. For now, I'm not interested in anything long for investing. Now I'm only interested in trading. So I trade this. So this is what you're seeing over here. You have to trade. Don't be afraid, even if it's already made this up. This is your resistance zone. So here you have to be careful. But this is it. When you see this thing ramping up, especially under five minutes, just go, go, go, go, go.

01:22:38
Don't think over here. Oh, well, it already went up from 1800 to. To 19,000, oh no! It went up; it can only come down. Let me show that-that's not how we do things, that's not how you do it. You put on the damn indicator, it shows you the money flow; it shows you the money flow. This is how you do it over here, and it respects it. You have to, no, no, no, I know, I know, you know. It went up from 18,000 to 19,000, oh no! I'm gonna short; I gotta make a lot of money-that's the amateur way. It goes into the indie long; it respects the indie long; it respects the indie long; it respects the indie long. That's how I have to think, and when this thing turns around, that's when we're gonna flip bearish; that's when you do the opposite. You need this thing-this thing is what shows you what the wheels are doing; it shows you the money flow. I love you! Thanks for watching, have a nice one, and until the next one, bye!