*** Live Stream 04-07-2025 Best trader on the webs predicted everyting into erfection AGAIN !! Whats next *** 

00:00:02
Boom, boom, welcome, welcome retail fam, MWM will kill again trading crypto GTC welcome retail fam, another live stream, yes, we gotta hit it again, yeah, you know, life is boring, you know, life is boring when you keep mailing those predictions, keep mailing those trades, you keep mailing, you know, you keep making money, you know, at some point it gets boring, you know, maybe a lot of times on a tweet about it on Twitter, I tell you guys, listen, guys, it's boring, I'm bored. A lot of times I think that most of you guys have no clue what I'm talking about, like, what the freak are you talking about? Well, maybe you understand it now because it's just boring. It's just boring. You know, I need a challenge. I need to challenge myself.

00:00:46
You know, that's what I'm always looking for too, you know, to keep going. And sometimes it's just boring, especially when you're seeing all those images on YouTube, on Twitter, you know. Sometimes, you know it makes me want to throw up sometimes, but you know it is what it is. I also i want to shout out to Helena for making those videos again, uh, so uh, shout out to Helena, and also, also, also, also, shout out to all the retail fam for reposting, liking, sharing the offer, sharing whatever it is that you guys are sharing. You know, I always say like this; you know, I also say this to Karen, so shout out to Karen, she's with us today.

00:01:30
So I also say this: you know, the only thing that I expect from a retail firm, especially if you, you know, you're working on anything GTC related, the only thing that I ask you for is be honest; just be honest and, and, and, and, you know, don't bullshit people. And because that's what, you know, at the end of the road, maybe you can fool people by FOMO, you can fool them with lies, you can feed them, whatever. But at some point, people will only remember those who have been honest to them, the ones that told them the truth, the ones that were not selling them dreams, the ones that have been protecting their capital, the ones that-if it's good or wrong, I will always tell you, you know, it's just what it is.

00:02:13
I don't give a fuck. It's just that that's just what it is. and uh also uh what i'm doing now so unfortunately i'm blocking a lot of people you know when people start uh whining about 50 bucks uh that is most you know it's the 50 bucks goes most of the part goes to the marketing team for the ones that are working on gtc so an apart goes to charity so if you're whining about 50 bucks i've said it a lot of times if 50 bucks is too much for you to pay to to get educated to know where the markets are going to you know whatever it is that you that you're getting over here you shouldn't be trading or investing anyway so get it use that 50 bucks go to mcdonald's Two people, two happy meals or two meals of 50 bucks is gone.

00:03:05
So use that to feed yourself or feed your children. Don't trade crypto or don't invest in crypto because it's not made for you. 20 bucks or 100 bucks or 200 bucks is not going to make you rich. And I understand that a lot of people, they watch all these YouTube shows, feeding them greed, telling them that they can get rich with whatever, whatever, with 100, 200, 500 bucks. It's just a lot of crap. And then you can tell me, oh, I'm W, but, you know, that meme coin made it 100x. Yes, it made it 100x. But you will never, ever get the chance to get that 100x on a meme form because you will only hear about it when it already went up. So, you know, it's very hard for me to keep explaining people this.

00:03:51
And, you know, at some point I have to make a choice because we're losing energy on these people for nothing. And, you know, me blocking them is maybe the best thing that I, you know, that I'm doing for them. Because when I block them, they're blocked. Just go live your life. Crypto investing, trading, commodities, stocks, whatever, is for people that own the funds. It's just that simple. It might sound very cruel. It might sound very hard. But it's the truth. And let me tell you this. The people that have been making a lot of money in the previous cycles with small money. Those times are gone. Those times will not come back. It's done. Since the institution came back into crypto and they joined us, and the governments and whatever, that's what they did.

00:04:38
They destroyed the dreams of every poor soul trying to be rich in crypto. So I know this is not what you want me to say, but this is the truth. This is the truth. you can you know you can debate me whatever i understand you know all my colleagues or all those people on twitter yeah you can get rich you need to buy the blood you need to do this you need to do it you know it's fine they need to get people into crypto they need people to repost them they need people to join them they need people to pay them they need people to they need people so they can shield crap to them i understand that They got, you know, they've got companies, they've got people they have to pay.

00:05:25
They, you know, they don't care. They just, it doesn't matter. If you only have 50 bucks in your pockets, they will do whatever it is to get that 50 bucks out of your pocket. So they will do whatever it is. They will sell their, you know, they just don't care, these people. The only thing that they focus on, they need to get that 50 or 20 bucks or 100 bucks out of your pocket. So they will never ever tell you the truth. How it works in crypto. I'm trying as a lone ranger in, you know, in the middle of them to try to show you guys. And, you know, and then I get a lot of hate on Twitter because I'm destroying their dreams. Yeah, well, $ 50 bucks is a lot of money for me.

00:06:06
Bro, if 50 bucks is a lot of money, don't, don't, just don't get involved in crypto. And, you know, don't leverage trade also because you've got also, you know, I get those people in. And then they tell me, oh, MW, you know, I've got like $500. That's all I've got. And, you know, I deposited on Blofing. Don't! Just don't! You will get wrecked. The only thing that I will tell you is you will get wrecked. They will liquidate you because, you know, I made that money just for me to know that I will not get any cockroaches into my community. I need people that are serious about trading, want to make money the good way, the safe way. But with $500, you're not going to make it.

00:06:53
It's just what it is. You're not going to make it. And also, very important, I reposted it. I made a new post just like some minutes ago. The new crypto now is you can make a 5x. You can make a 10x. If we're going to do it real good on the right way, we can make 20, 30 to 50x. But that's it. Don't expect that you're going to make a thousand X or whatever. And this is also, you know, for me, I don't give a crap about this 50, 20, 50, 100 X because I'm a trader. I only focus on how much money I'm going to make today and how much money I'm going to make tomorrow. So, you know, this 50 Xs, 100 Xs, this is what a spot buy is.

00:07:36
And I'm not, it's possible. And that's why I'm tweeting about it because you have to see it like this. When everyone gets bearish again, when markets go down, we're going to talk about it in a moment, you're going to buy. And when you're going to buy, a 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10x is just reality. You can make that, especially on meme coins. You can make that. So this is now where your focus has to be. And if you owe like 100 bucks and you're not going to make a 10x, you made a thousand bucks. Maybe for some people in very poor countries, it's a lot of money. So I'm here to help you. Just don't never trade. It's just spot trade.

00:08:22
Spot, buy in at the blood, huddle, and you sell it when it makes a 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10x. You just sell it and take the profits. But you have to understand that there are also a lot of people that trade with millions. Those people that trade with millions, when they buy some coin for like 100k and it makes 10x. They made 900K. Are you feeling me or not? Because you have to see it like this. All those altcoin dailyos, Alex Packers, all those coin bureaus, all those people that, you know, all those capo, wizard, lizard, whatever. These people, you have to understand, they are now 90% down. Oh, boy. So they are 90% down, 95% down on the altcoins that they're holding. You know, this Dr. Loss, because this Dr.

00:09:09
Loss. He has got a private paid group. And what he does is he shares a lot of crap in that paid group. You know, those people are 90, 95% down on those coins. And some coins, there is some potential over there. So when those people get a break even, you made a 56,78X. That's just when they get a break even. And that's why I'm always educating you guys. It's all about timing the markets. You know, there are a lot of people that have been following me now for months. And, you know, a lot of times I'm telling you, I'm not buying. You know, do you remember when I showed you this chart and I'm telling you, I'm not buying. I don’t care what you.

00:09:54
And, you know, a lot of people, they unfollow me or they hate me or they don’t want to listen to me. And, you know, listen, guys, I’m not buying. Look where we are. I’m not buying here. I need the blood. I need the blood to buy. I need the blood. I will not buy as long as there is no blood. And you know, well, don’t listen to me. Later in the latest stadium, when they get wrecked and they’re 80, 90% down, then they come back to MW. Well, you’re right. I don’t give a freak about you telling me I was right. I don’t need you to tell me I’m right. You know, I know what my skills are. I know what my power is.

00:10:31
I know what I can do. I know I've been doing this. Maybe you noticed it only now from January. I've been doing this for three years on social media. I'm not even going to start about what I was doing before that. I've been doing this for a very long time. So if you want to tell me, okay, MW, I'm starting to buy in now. I'm telling you, yes, yes. This is where you need to start DCA in. This is where you need to start buying in. No matter what the fear out there is, no matter how weird, how bad things look, you start buying. Because why? You can only start buying if you are 100% in cash or at least between 70% to 100% in cash.

00:11:12
That's when you start getting some, you know, you have to start getting some money in. Because we had this, you know, at some point. I don't trade based on news. I trade based on the charts and what they're showing me. That's how I make money. And, you know, the charts are showing me now, okay, if I'm 100% in cash, I need to get at least 20% in. 20% needs to get in at these levels. At least, at least. And this is investment portfolio. Trading portfolio is a whole other style. You just go in and boom, boom, boom, make that damn money, open up those loans. But it's at this point, investment portfolio, put in 20%. Just put it in. And then you can take profits on the bounce.

00:11:58
Maybe you're going to make a double. Maybe you're even going to go lower. It doesn't matter. So you're going to buy, again, this 20%. You buy it in. Another 20, another 20. And this is how you scale into the markets. Listen, guys, let me tell you this. This zone now is where you should be. I already shared this. Uh, maybe 70, it's a bit risky, but you could, you could, but you have to understand that when I say 70 in, you have to understand where I come from because where I come from is I'm a trader, I've got an 80 trading portfolio and I've got a 20 investment portfolio so for me if I put in 70 for my investment portfolio on the bounce I will decrease it back into 50 or 30 or 40.

00:12:46
Just in case we're going down again. Then I'll start loading up. It's a strategy. It's a system that I have been building for myself. And why is this style so important? Because my style of investing and trading is based on defensive style. And then you can say, well, the best defense is offense. Yeah. Maybe at football or basketball, whatever. Not in investing. Not in investing. Investing is another world. While I was creating my style of trading and investing and not losing, it's very defensive. And then I thought to myself, wait a minute, but the best defense is offense. That doesn't work in trading and investing. It just doesn't work. So I love you all. Thanks for watching. Thanks for joining in today. So we're going to do some analysis about the financial markets.

00:13:37
We're going to talk about Bitcoin, we're going to talk about Paxi, we're going to talk about altcoins, about some buy orders that have been hit very hard. We're going to talk about what are the strongest coins that are showing some power today. Also, I didn't share us the 10 or the 6. Uh, volume coins because I wanted to do those today but uh, Salsa is traveling so she's struggling a little bit with internet so please forgive her for that one and show some love, boom boom, and let the music run. Thank you,

00:15:53
thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, so what do I got this one? See this one? Warren Buffett uses your stuff now, let me tell you, this guy, let me tell you, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to understand this. Warren Buffett is no trader; there's a big, big difference between me and Warren Buffett. So, Warren Buffett is no trader, Warren Buffett is an investor, and uh, he times markets, okay? We do that same, but he's no trader. Warren Buffett, you know, like, you know, when the price goes, top, top, top, top, top, top, top. Let me show you. When the price goes like top, top, top, top, top, top. My style is: I make money over here. I make money over here.

00:16:34
I make money over here. I make money over here. Warren Buffett doesn't care. Warren Buffett enters over here and makes money over here. So this is how Warren Buffett makes money. Warren Buffett doesn't give a freak about these moves. This is a very big difference, guys. and warren buffett's portfolio is i think like 100 investing it's not trading so there is a big difference between me and warren buffett's we're totally two totally different people i'm a trader he's an investor but he's in my opinion the best investor ever you know it's very it's very funny because there was a friend of mine he told me like this was a couple of months ago and he told me like i told he told me like yeah i know but you know mw you know um we're going to the moon This was before Trump was in, and we're going to the moon.

00:17:20
Trump, everything's coming, everything's going to the moon. Do you think that you are smarter than Warren Buffett? He told me no. What is Warren Buffett doing now? He's cashing out. Do you think that there is a reason why he's cashing out? Maybe. But what makes you believe that we're going up? He told me, yeah, well, that's the sentiment. That's, you know, that's when I read the news, when I go read whatever, whoever he's reading or watching or whatever, everyone says I'm going to the moon. I told him, well, that should be an even more red, red, red alert to you that, you know, be careful because when everyone is telling you that we're going up, that's when we probably go down. So, okay, so.

00:18:13
I really hope that Helena will find that Sunday vid of mine, it was the Sunday vid one, you know, you remember when when I did this, I did it like this on that Sunday, maybe I remember, but either way, guys, very important so uh, we hit the zone over here, guys, keep in mind that this is strong support, so whatever you're reading and you see already, you see already how it's hitting over here and rub up, let me put it on the daily so you can see it better, guys, this is the support level, and you see, and I know it's a bit scary because you see down down down down and then yeah, where does uh, where did I say that the sport was over?

00:18:59
Oh, and then we go up, it's my flowing, it's freaking scary to see. So, but are we there yet? No, I don't think we're there yet. Because why? Because first of all, the markets didn't open yet. Because this is just futures. Let me see, where's the SPX? What time is the SPX? You know, I'm living now in another time zone. So it's now five. So it's not, no, I think the markets will open up in an hour or one hour and a half like that. So the markets didn't open yet. So we have to now see if Wall Street opens. How is it going to react? So it's a bit premature to say, but technically, on the technicals, this is support, guys. Everything over here is support. Let me use this one.

00:19:47
You see? Over here. This is support. This is the blue box. This is the support level. And that's exactly what you're seeing also. You're seeing it bouncing up. Kabish? Kabish? So it's bouncing up. So now is the question. Now is the question. Use the Indy. Look at the Indy on the daily where it is at 5,600. Okay. Where is it at the four-hour? It's at 5,300. Where is it on the one hour? Now we're at it now. Oh, this indicator, you know, it came down very hard. So the first thing, we got this gap, first of all. We got this gap over here. So we had, basically, we already had the bounce from, you know, oh, this is beautiful, by the way. So this was a boom.

00:20:38
Oh, we're coming to the support of MW. We go up, and then confirmation. This is the confirmation. This is the double. So this is super bullish. So confirmation, and then up she went. This is, you know, I've showed you guys this so many times. So it comes down, goes up, and then comes down. Confirm this as support, and then off she goes. You see this a lot, by the way, guys, also in crypto. This is for the ones that are trying to learn about TA. This is super important because, you know, when something comes down and it goes up, this is not healthy. What you need is it comes down, goes up, comes back to retest.

00:21:22
This as support confirmation that it's support and then it goes up, so that's that's the stage that we are in now, so uh very good, so let's see if we can break the indie first of all on the one hour so this is the first level to watch, it's at $0. 5070, so let's see if the bulls can push it up to this level 545 and the facility and then from there, if you can break through this one, uh, that will give some more because this is you know By the way, guys, don't think that the bulls are dead at Wall Street. The same bulls are still there. So don't underestimate this. These guys can push it up like crazy. They can push like 100, 200 points as if it's nothing.

00:22:04
And that's also when you see Bitcoin and crypto bouncing very hard. But let me tell you a little bit about the market. This is trading-wise. Let me show you guys a little bit about the market. i'm still a little bit worried about this because this is what is ruining my momentum my momentum is getting ruined by this chart where are you this chart this chart is really ruining my momentum this chart you know i just you know if if if this chart if the dxy Would be over here somewhere, you know, I would really deploy a lot of money into the markets and buy a lot I really mean a lot over here. We're still over here So this is if this thing goes up this will not help the markets to Bounce up and yes, we have been seeing past weeks months that these were likes to go up together with the markets But you know, I cannot rely on that one It's just like, you know, it was just like Friday.

00:23:15
Oh, Bitcoin is holding so strong. Yes, it's holding the 83K. Yes, oh, Bitcoin is so strong. Yes, yes. Markets go down and Bitcoin not. Yes, we're going to the moon. I told you guys it's just logic. Logic comes after. Now, when there are too many shorts open, Bitcoin can't dump. You need to flush out everything. And then you got the Sunday afternoons. And that wraps. And there we go. I really hope you guys are making so much money on those Sunday afternoons. I love them. The Dutch Sunday afternoon. So I really love them. So, yeah. So this is something that is scaring me. But, you know, it doesn't matter if it's going to scare me or not. I think it stays the same. When the buy orders get hit, I think that the 20% needs to get in.

00:24:06
I don't care. On the investment. And on the trading you can also start focusing on loss so this is just me because i have to respect this zone i have to respect it i cannot you know you know i put on the indie you put on the indie over here and especially if this thing gets rejected that's a sign that okay we might want to dump but as long as this is holding and especially if this thing breaks above over here you're probably going to make a lot of money on your buys. So that's what's got to happen. It's just so we have to respect, we have to respect what we're seeing in front of us. And, you know, I know that the news is very bearish, but the news can flip very fast.

00:24:54
You know, the first planes are landing in Washington. It's the biggest circus I've seen ever, you know, this whole Trump thing. Because let me tell you this. Let me tell you this. Okay. So let's think about something. I want to take you guys with me. Let's think about something. So we've got this chart. Yes, we've got this chart. So I made this analysis before Trump even talked about this. That's how I analyze this. So Trump. Because this is very weird. This was our target for the big short. So Trump, whatever it is that he did, he did it after. And after it, this analysis played out into perfection. So what does this mean? What does it mean? What if Trump didn't start the terror war? Would we be at these levels?

00:26:04
I think not. But I think that we would be over here somewhere. I think that whatever Trump is doing is he's only pushing the markets into. So it's like, you know, it's like someone is falling down, sliding down, and you give him a push that he slides faster. That's how I see it. I think that no matter what Trump would do, this thing would come down either way. That's what I think. Because this wasn't Trump. And this wasn't Trump also. Because now you got all these people protesting that Trump is destroying the markets. It's not Trump. They want to make you believe that it's Trump. But it's not Trump. This was calculated already. This was in the matrix. It was written already that this was going to happen.

00:27:02
No matter what Trump was going to do. Because people like to build stories around a chart. But it's the other way. It's the opposite. You have to build a chart around the stories. No, I'm saying it not like that. You don't build charts around the stories. You build stories around the charts. Yeah, that's how it is. That's just you know, I've seen this for decades for decades. I think for the past 10 years. I've seen this Okay, so enough about that so Basically the only two the only two that I'm I know because we've you know, one two three months this one one two months Okay Where's the third month? Selling organs So basically, guys, about me, 70%, I'm not 70% in, by the way.

00:28:09
I'm in with, I think it was at some point, it was 65%. I already decreased it to, I think it's around 40% now. I took some profits. There were some coins that bounced up very strong. The money was just too sweet for me to let it over there. But I think I'm in with, I think it's around 40% now. But let me tell you guys, I will take more profits. I will take more profits. I will take more profits. Why? Because I have to first see some power. If I'm going to see, just like I explained to you guys, if I'm going to see that this thing will close above the one hour and some momentum will find in, that's when I will start using my trading portfolio instead of my investment portfolio.

00:28:55
So that's when I'll start trading and a lot of loans will get opened. Yes. So this is now the real test and we're waiting for the marks to open, let's see maybe we're even gonna get a triple yeah I know you know maybe we're gonna get like you know up double triple and then go up it's on the car so you know I'm I'm you know I'm I have to remain bullish here I just can't get bearish over here you know I can try to be bearish yes I cannot. And this is just me, you know. You know, a lot of people, they always tell me, MW, you are such a bear. You shorted the crap out of all crypto, all altcoins. You just killed everything. I know.

00:29:42
When are you going to stop? Well, this is a moment when I'm going to stop putting the brakes on. Because shorting is now just too dangerous. I wouldn't dare to short anything from here. I'm only interested in buying spot. And in opening longs, that's the only thing that I'm interested in. Until I see some danger. And then I will tell you. But for now, it's, you know, I think that everyone should have been closing at least 70, 80, 90% of their shorts. Also, by the way, the short ETF, more than 90% is closed. Just like I told you. More than 90% is closed. Now it's hunting for the longs. Waiting for the right moment, get in, make the money. So basically what you're going to see now also on Twitter, you're going to see a lot of long P &Ls.

00:30:34
You're not going to see the short P &Ls. I was, you know, the team asked me, listen, MW, we have only been shorting past months. We want to start opening lots. I told them, yeah, what are you waiting for? What are you waiting for? So let me go to Bitcoin. It's time for Bitcoin. Oh, by the way, guys, this thing is awesome. Do you remember over here? If this thing will take off, what if this thing will take off over here? Well, it took off. So now this thing is getting, you know, this is giving the relief. But you see now. So this is also important for the one hour. Is it going to hold or not? So this will also show you a lot of direction. Dominance is very interesting to see. Dominance is, you know, let's see, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby, oh, baby, oh, baby, baby.

00:31:42
Dominance. Oh, dominance, dominance, dominance. So, basically, we've got this zone now and it's struggling to get above it. This zone over here, but you have to see it like this: if Bitcoin starts bouncing up very strong, it could push push through it. And while Bitcoin will go up some altcoins might start bleeding. So um let me just say this, guys, and you know I'm gonna stay to my to my to my to my analyze um if we're gonna break above this we're gonna get uh you know towards the 70, oh I will buy so many altcoins you cannot imagine especially if the financial market if the US 500 will still be down at current levels or even lower uh you could really see I'm going really full digit stuff uh the game will change we will be charting a lot of PTC pairs at that time and you know make so much money that happens it's really mind-blowing, you know.

00:32:54
You cannot imagine how I'm looking forward for this thing to go to the 67, 68, 69 oh just go baby just go, you know. So for now this is the zone that are eyeing over here for this resistance so altcoins could show some power over here if this thing comes down but if we're gonna break up oh this is so good this is so good so uh look at the BTC shorts by the way guys we're talking about them yesterday but they're not just I don't know last watching look at this. Oh, that's when they start opening and they're holding, they're not closing their shorts, I think they're anticipating the market to open these guys, these guys are you know whatever so they're, I think they're anticipating on a market open there, I think that they're hoping on on a drop.

00:33:46
So let's go to Bitcoin. Oh, really beautiful, you know? I really hope, you know what I'm going to do, guys? You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to hire someone. You know what I'm going to do? Let's keep it a secret. I'm going to do something great. But listen, guys, you see this? Are you seeing this? I've seen this. So if you ask me, MW, are you buying? Guys, if I will not buy here, when do you want me to buy? If, you know, if we didn't buy over here and we reach this level and you're not buying. So what are you even doing, crypto? You need to buy. Buy the blood. Buy the blood. I understand. I understand that, you know, it's just how people are.

00:35:08
When markets go up, they want to FOMO in. When markets bleed, they want to stay out. It's just how it works. But that's the wrong way. You have to do the opposite. When markets FOMO up, you have to get out. When markets start bleeding, you have to get in. And I know, in theory, it's very simple. But in real life, you know, I spoke to a buddy of mine. I sent him a message. Then he told me, yeah, well, I'm enjoying the dump, but I didn't buy anything, not a penny. Why? Yeah, well, I love your analyses, and I think that you are right, and I think that, you know, that markets are dumping, and I'm loving it while they're dumping. Okay, they're dumping, but you are 100% in cash, right?

00:36:00
Yes, I listen to you. I'm 100% in cash. Why didn't you buy? Why? Because if you would have bought in, you could now, as we speak, collect 20%, 30%, 15%, 50%, 40%. You could collect it now. Yeah, I know, but MW, when it came down, I thought maybe it would go down more. So what if it would go down more? You're educated. I'm educating you guys. What did I tell you? It's when we reach the levels, you start PCA buying in slowly and what do you do if it goes down more? You buy more, yeah! But you know, I thought it will go down more. Why did you think that it would go down more, yeah?

00:36:50
Well, because it was dumping, dumping, dumping, and uh, you know so this is people they think when when things dump they keep dumping, and they think when things pump they keep pumping. And I know that at least 50, 60, 70% of you guys that are in here with me, you recognize this feeling. You recognize these thoughts. I know that you guys do. When you see markets dumping, you think that they keep dumping. When you see them pumping, you think that they will keep pumping. And those are the exact two things that will get you wrecked. Over and over and over again. You have to stop thinking like that. When markets dump and we reach support levels, especially around $ 500 and because we've got now two two support levels on Bitcoin, and because now you know that bull crap and and you know that crap of Friday, uh, Bitcoin is not dumping bull crap, okay?

00:37:49
Now they're together again, so Bitcoin is that support and the market side support. Is this not enough for you to say, 'Okay, I'm gonna start buying'? So, for example, MW, what should we buy? And when I say I'm buying, you have to understand. So, we understand each other. When I say buying, it means that you are in cash. So, not if you're 90% in cash and then you think, 'Oh, I've got a few K left' and I, you know, no. If you're in cash, you have to start buying. Put in, even if you're afraid, just let's say you're afraid, so you just can't help yourself. You see red candles, so you think that we're going to zero. At least throw in 5% of your portfolio, 10% of your portfolio.

00:38:41
And even if you're scared, just go for Ethereum for, I don't know, big caps. You know, buy those. Throw in 5%. Don't care about it if it goes down more. You're going to buy more. You're now buying at support levels. You're not buying at FOMO level. Over here is what I was warning you when I called the exact top again, 109. It's fucking mind-blowing. I called the freaking top again. I did it with 69K and I did it with 109K also. Sometimes I'm really amazed by myself. But listen, guys. You have to put on your big, big boy's pants on or whatever they say this in English. But you have to start buying. This is important. You are prepared for this.

00:39:35
So if you are out of the markets from here and from here and here and here, you have to be very patient. You shorted the crap out of everything. You made a lot of money. At least you just use the only thing that you have to do, flip your short. Suppose that you made $5,000 on your shorts. Just lay the short from the Sunday afternoon. Use that $5,000, flip it into a long or just. buy spot whatever it is if you're afraid but you have to stop buying we are at support levels forget about that narrative oh well we are bearish no because this is the problem with retailers when they're bearish they remain bearish when they're bullish they remain bullish that's not how it works i know i know i know i know guys i know i know i know i know i know i know i know

00:40:24
guys what i'm showing you now you cannot read this in a book you can read a million books you will not find what i'm explaining you now in a book you cannot find this and you probably will not find this on x also that's why it's so important i'm not doing market updates over here i'm educating you guys i'm educating getting you guys technically i'm educating you guys uh i hate the word in english psych in your in your psycho whatever your psycho mind i'm trying to get into your psycho mind emotionally and i'm trying to show you that greed works two ways so okay enough about this i'm gonna talk about the mw along etf uh boom Is there something you want to say, Karen, no Karen doesn't want to say anything, no okay I thought maybe you had some idea, something you wanted to say.

00:41:26
No. You have nothing to say. Okay, well, okay. I'll keep talking like I'm always doing. I'll keep talking like I'm always doing. Okay, so let's go, let's go, guys. Let's go, let's go. So first of all, Tia didn't hit. Remarkable. We had a big dump, but we didn't hit. My zone was over here, so I don't care. I don't care. It didn't hit. So what? So flux. Oh, flux. Flux. Flux hit the 17 cents. You could only dream about this months ago. Or here you are. Because you had over here. You had over here flux. You had over here flux. Over here. Over here flux. Over here.

00:42:22
I want to buy flux. I want to buy flux. People buy flux over here. Did you know that? They buy flux. People buy flux over here. So why am I telling you? Why am I telling you guys? Listen. Just listen. Did you know that only flux, only flux. I'm going to just talk about flux. This was in 18th March. This was a year ago. This pump was nothing for flux. By the way, there's nothing this flux should have been going much higher and he did it So we hit this so, okay, no problem Just keep in mind. Just keep in mind that you know, I'm gonna show you just keep in mind this thing, This thing, keep in mind that this, Keep in mind that this thing,

00:43:19
but this thing from at 70 cents if it only goes back to this zone, that's your 10x, that's your 10x, I'm just saying that is your 10x, and I think that a lot of you guys would know, a 10x, would you know, this is a spot, by the way, guys, I'm not even talking about leverage. Then we go to Rune. Rune is, by the way, holding so strong on that $1, It's really mind-blowing. It's holding very strong. I don't know, maybe the team, they have something working on or there's some life coming into Rune. I can guess what crypto account will start shilling it like crazy because that's what they do. They first wreck you and then they give you the shoulder to cry on.

00:44:18
And then they will feed you the same greed that they did before they wrecked you, so that's Rune. Fala. Also a hit over here on Fala. Look at this. Fala. Look at this. So this was over here, 60 cents. Look over here. It's another 10x. It's another 10x. Look at this. When was this? This was just three, four months ago. This is another 10x. You know, it doesn't take much. You see this? Do you see this one? Do you see this candle? This was a candle in one week of 5, 6x. Do you think that, you know, when, you know, Twitter goes on AI, AI agents, whatever, Falla is working on something, whatever, you got this, you know, you got this FOMO crap. What you'll see is this. The next. Congrats.

00:45:25
It's how it works in crypto. This is crypto. This is our crypto. You just have to recognize the move. And why are you guys here with me? I will show you the moves. Salsa will show you the moves. We will show you when the power hits in. That's what we do. Valerie, it didn't hit my zone. Oh, I'm so sick of it mini mini mini mini, maybe it's still guys, I'm gonna buy over here below 18 cents, so didn't hit GMR, oh GMR, you know I got hit, so I started buying GMR over here. I'm probably in a small loss, I don't care, I don't care, you know, you have to see it like this if you've got a $10K portfolio. And you started buying G.

00:46:17
Lamar here with $50 or $70. Who cares? Just huddle it. If it goes down more, you buy another $50 or $70 or maybe even $100. Maybe if we get to the $0. 03, you bought in $200 or $250. I'm a $10K, I'm talking about a 10K portfolio. Just huddle it. Because why? Because this is no bullshit coin. Polka dot will ever find some momentum this thing will fly i know that it will fly and if it starts flying over here only here you made your 10x so your 250 bucks is two and a half k and thats how you just on one altcoin you made a growth of 25 only on one altcoin you invested 250 bucks you got two and a half k its your portfolio is up with 25 Its a lot of money.

00:47:15
25%. Im just saying. Cote. Cote, Cote, Cote. Cote also hit. No, I got a hit. I know that I bought Cote over here. I bought it over here. So Im probably in a little bit of gains as we speak now. Whatever. I dont care. If I see some, I can decrease the positions. Thats something I can do if I see any dangers in the markets and I see thats were going down. I can decrease my, so it means that I will take the profits and leave, like suppose that I bought in, let me just give you an example. I bought in a thousand bucks. What I could do if I see any dangers, like I'm in 30%, 40%, 50% profits. I take out, how much did I say that I was buying?

00:48:05
A thousand bucks? Let's say a thousand bucks. And this thing is at 30%, 40%. And I see some dangers. I might take out $500, 50% of the position. And I let the rest run. And if it comes down, I'm going to buy more. That's the GTC style. That's MW style. Let me go to this one, Giga. Giga didn't come back to this zone, so I didn't get filled. I didn't get filled because Giga, I will only buy if it comes back to these levels over here. You know, see this box. I saw someone from the retail firm is trading it. I saw P&L coming by, so congrats to you. But I didn't get filled on Giga because it didn't come back to my; we made sick money over here.

00:48:52
I don’t want to throw my money away, so I’m just waiting. Trump. Trump, I did get hit on a small bag over here. Seven bucks, just like, share over here. So, I've got a small bag and it's running whatever, and our favorite outcome didn't get hit; we didn't hit the blue zone, it's that simple. So, I'm just waiting for it to show a lot of power by the way, guys. I know we shorted the crap out of it, but you know this thing is showing a lot of power, so at some point this thing needs to come back in the blue zone. I will buy; I'll be buying again over here, I'm buying also.

00:49:29
I got filled on Ax, it's horrible; I don't care, I just hold on it; I'm probably in a small game but I don't care for now, profits are running uh, I've got a bag of this one, Swarm, Swarm, I don't have a bag because it didn't hit my zone; I need this thing to come over here, it needs to come to uh below 15 cents so no hit on this one. Virtual also did not get a hit over here by the way, guys. My Bison started from 38, I think, yeah, 38, 38 to 25. So, I didn't get hit on virtuals. Me, me, me, me, me; I did get a hit on Sui. So, I'm in the Sui army over here. Let's see how Sui is going to do.

00:50:18
Link, by the way, guys, this is just really linky. Look at Link, guys. Link at $10. Link at $10. Mama, mama, mama, mamma mia. Link at, you know, link at, you know, you guys remember how much noise was made over here? You know, foundation, Trump, whatever, wherever. Bye-bye. 30 bucks. We're now at 10 bucks. The last time we hit this zone was in November 24th. So, yeah. Linky. I got Phil, by the way. Uh and then we got near, yeah, also uh, I didn't get Phil on me, no, I don't have near, near is for me, uh, around 180. I think I have to check it; I don't think that I'm uh Phil on this one, VJ, yes sir, I'm Phil and GJ by the way, guys.

00:51:22
It's just one week ago, do you remember when I showed you all the buy zones? Shows you when I'm buying, you know a lot of people were calling me and you know texting me, 'You're never gonna hit we already dumped; no, we didn't dump, yeah, well, we hit 76k; we're not coming back. Yes, we're gonna come back; we're gonna make even more of those. Well, yes, so Vgen I've got a nice bag of Vgen; I've got a field of each and you know Vgen is i think one of those coins, you know. I'm not so interested in selling this coin; you know, I'm just gonna hold off. You know, I don't like to, you know why? Because the BTC pair is also looking so good.

00:52:03
So, I'm probably not going to take; you know, I'm going to just hold on my bag over here. I'm just going to hold on it. I want, you know, on VeChain, I want minimal double or triple on VeChain before I'm going to touch this thing. So VeChain, I just don't care. I just have a bag. If it goes up more, I'm going to buy it. I got a fill on this one, by the way, 15,00. Just like I told you. It dropped to 1400 and let me tell you I didn't get filled, I didn't have any buy orders on Ethereum, yes, yes guys, I'm just human, I know I'm just human so first of all I was not on the charts otherwise I would have bought more at these levels but my buy orders were basically at 1750 and I took profits also like shared and I put my other uh buy orders around $ 1500 so I got a field over here.

00:52:56
So I'll probably have to break even now. But I didn't get – I should have had it. I should have made it. But, you know, for me, this is support level. So if this thing dumps down, then, you know, then it's – I need to get it towards the $1,200 to the $1,000. But let me tell you this, guys, by the way, my biggest bag will be Ethereum. Hmm? What did you say, MW? Yes. My biggest bag will be Ethereum. It's just what it is, so uh, I don't like to go a lot of degenerate from here, so my biggest bag will be east. Um, why do we got more? Why let me explain you by the way, why oh 77k nice, so uh, let me show you guys why I would uh buy ease.

00:53:45
I need to show you this; this is why, guys, this is why. Let me zoom out a bit, so you guys can see it better. This is my guy's; see this, I've seen this, guys, I've seen this, this, this, this, and this. It will be very hard; it will be really, really, super hard for uh, for dominance to to keep rising up. I think that we are at the last breath of dominance. I don't think that dominance has got a lot more, and maybe dominance will make one spike up, and this thing make a spike down, but then I think the reversal is right. You know, I would be very; you know it's possible i'm not saying that it's not possible that we will reach this level over here, so we're going into these Levels over here, I'm not saying that it's not possible but I would be very surprised.

00:54:42
Gonna hit those and maybe if we're gonna hit, it's just a spike up and then down and then then up very fast so, but because because at these levels guys. You really should be focusing on altcoins and, so, focusing on BTC pairs just like a VJ autumn for example. That are super wrecked because I think that at some point they start flipping Bitcoin into altcoins. It's gonna happen, it's gonna happen; we have been patient, uh, we have been waiting so I think it's gonna happen, uh, let me show you guys some other things. For example, what is S? I want to see S, I want to see Tron also, um, where's S? Do I got S over here?

00:55:55
I want to see S and I want to see XRP; so I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to do S and I wanna see XRP; S. I'm not interested in Solana. If you might wonder, I just don't give a freak about Solana. S and X are B. Never was interested in Solana, only to show the crap out of it. So I want to see these two. So S, how is S? Oh, I think I've got a field on S. I think I've got a field on S. Yes, I have to be, you know. Oh, we already hit this zone. Look at these guys. I've got a hit on S. Yes. Oh, this was just one week ago. You remember when S was, I think, over here? I know.

00:56:55
People will never go to this buy zone. Well, we are in the buy zone now. So what? So now what? So what do you want to tell me? What, what, what? So what? What do you want? BMW will never go. S is going to the moon. Yeah, well, okay, you bought S at 50, 60, 70 cents. I'm buying S now at 40 cents, 39 cents. So I'm interested in S, very interested in S, and oh yeah, and T-Rex, T-Rex! Oh my god, guys! This is you know, you've got Om and you got T-Rex! This yeah, you just can't get these coins down, these are the strongest coins you know. I don't care what the narrative behind it is but Tron is the strongest altcoin in crypto as we speak and maybe BNB also, I don't know how BNB did, but just look at this.

00:57:56
Well, you know all the marks are going and look what Tron is telling you! Especially for high-volume traders, focus use the indie focus on Tron. You know, Tron is a big guy and Tron has got a lot of backup so it means when you go into a long using the indicator know that you always have someone having your back that's how you have to see it. So I really, I'm telling you for the ones uh especially when we're going to focus on logs the coming weeks months, we're going to focus on the bounces What we need to do is coins like Tron, you have to focus on them because when they show a little bit of power, and not only Tron, by the way All the TRX-related altcoins.

00:58:49
So when you see a Tron making a move up or showing some volume, some strength, and the indicator is validating everything, go in. Go in, do your thing, just like I educated you. Do your thing. You're gonna make a lot of money over and over and over again. It's gonna happen. So that's about that, and then XRP is karma, karma exactly come oh look beautiful, look at this, And boom, and then bouncing up. I don't have any exactly, by the way, guys. Maybe this is a very huge big buying option, you know. At some point, I have to make a choice and I cannot buy everything. Maybe I'll trade XRP also, by the way, for the high volume traders.

00:59:40
Uh, XRP is one of the best coins to trade on high uh high volume, so XRP is a very good one if you want to analyze it and you want to trade it, okay guys. Um, to be honest with you, I'm starting to get a little bit tired, so um, it has been a really hectic day. I hope that you guys we we talked about the long ETF, I updated you about everything markets now, it's the question how is market open gonna react to Always Oh there you go already, so you're already oh oh there we go already, so you know this indicator is really this indicator is really a big drama this freaking thing, so we're getting but this is just fear for market open what you're seeing now guys.

01:00:27
This is really fearful market open, salsa opened up the mic so I think you want to say something, yeah market opened was a minute ago, oh this market open, okay, so this is the market open guys, that's what we're seeing now, so this is the fear of market open, so uh let's see what's gonna happen, yeah, because now it's you know now it's the real game is on, this will expose all the scams, so for now the only thing that I can say is this is the support, let's see if it's gonna hold, uh or they wanna wanna dump it, you know at this point I have to remain, uh bullish on this level if you're gonna lose this level, okay then it's arrived at you and it's just you know I have to start deploying my money more and more and more, so but let's see if they're gonna break it.

01:01:14
Let me put on my alarms by the way. But this is now we're now in no man's land, so now it's just looking uh are they bullish are they bearish? By the way, guys, I think that most of the downside was also created by China and Japan-they have been dumping very hard. By the way, uh, in the morning uh at night so they dumped pretty pretty hard. So let's see what's gonna happen. But uh, for now I'm although now it's showing a little bit of red. Let's see if this thing is gonna hold yes or no if it's gonna hold. Uh, I expect a bounce up a little bit of a relief. rally um so Keep eyes on this one, guys. It's all about this one. Forget about what you're reading on Twitter.

01:01:57
Forget about everyone they're saying. For now, it's all about this one. This is the chart to watch and nothing else. Watch this chart. This chart will show you. So, thank you all for watching. Okay, Salso is back again. She wants to say something, I think. There's also news today. I think 11 . 30, there's a closed-door meeting of the Fed. Yes, I already reacted to that one on Twitter. I don't give a fuck what the Fed is going to do. What the fuck is the Fed going to do? What do they want to do? Because you have to see it like this. If they are going to out of the sudden cut rates, that will feed inflation. And inflation is on the rise again. So what are they going to do?

01:02:45
Their policy has always been, okay, we will act accordingly. Okay, what does 'act accordingly' mean? Well, we dumped... okay, let's see... okay, we've got some rich people in the world, oh no! My internet stops working, well you know when I talk about the Fed this happens. So what do they want to do? So we, we, dumped uh 20 oh well, you know those those multi-bubble bubble billionaires... uh, lost 20 of their money. They didn't even lose 20% of money because they are in huge gains anyway. So what they lost is they lost gains. They didn't lose money because these freaks have been. And so is that a reason for the Fed to react? No. The only way when the Fed needs to react is when banks get into danger.

01:03:35
Then, okay. But the Fed cannot start cutting rates out of the sudden. Because why? Because that, you know. We already have a problem with inflation now while tariff war is going on. So what do you think will happen if the Fed will also start cutting rates? That will feed inflation even more, although we are already on a rise. So, you know, all this Fed crap, you know, I just don't buy it. For now, I'm just trusting my analysts. We need to hold the 4,800. If we cannot hold it, that will change everything. As long as we're going to hold it, we're going to hold it now for, you know. A period of time and then we're gonna see if the market's gonna react dark, but let me tell you this-this is really effect on the macro, to be honest.

01:04:22
If you know, we're gonna look at history; we're gonna look at history. This dump huge dumps like this we had over here one, this was in the Corona crash; we had this big dump down and then we had this one, this was like 20-22 where the Fed were raising-raising right so you know I'm gonna be super honest with you guys. I'm not feeling the blood yet, sounds weird what I'm saying but I don't feel it yet because you know I know what blood tastes like; I'm not tasting it. I know very well what blood tastes like, guys. Trust me. You know, I'm not tasting the blood, but for now all I can say is I have to respect the support line over here.

01:05:13
So for now, this is for me the moment to start deploying money in, just like I've been saying for weeks. And you know if the markets go down, so be it. I'm going to add to my positions; DCA in. But this is not the time for me to go hide and be afraid for whatever it is that they're throwing at us. No, this is for me the time that I go out and I start taking my big bag of money on my back, and I start buying. That's what I'm starting to do now, although I'm not tasting the blood. But, you know, you have to see it like this. Although I'm deploying maybe 20%, I really hope that it dumps down.

01:05:53
I really hope that this thing dumps down to the, you know, this is a dream for me, guys. You cannot imagine this. This should be your dream also. Imagine if we would just come down to the 30th. Find some support over here and go up. Just skip this one and just come down. I'm going to be super honest with you. That would be a dream for me. And it should be a dream for a lot of you guys. Because that will open up the gates to, instead of the 10Xs, to the 20Xs. Then we're going to talk 20Xs. We're not going to talk 10Xs anymore. Then we're going to start about 20Xs. Now it's 20. Now it's 10Xs. Over here, it's 20Xs that we're going to talk about. Yes, I love you all. Thanks for watching and thanks Karen for making me talk like seven or eight minutes more while I'm tired. So thank you so much for that. I love you all for joining me to fam have a nice one and for the ones who want to join. By the way, I've been responding to mostly all the M's uh DM your UID Globin and ButtonX links are below. Have a nice one and bye.