*** Live Stream 03-22-2025 I am still SHORTING all fomo Altcoins !! *** 

00:00:03
welcome welcome welcome mw and welcome again trading crypto welcome retail fan welcome so an unexpected live stream today i told you guys when i feel like you know we got like three live streams a week scheduled and uh you know when i feel like doing one i just do it it's just that simple that simple it's that simple that simple so before we're gonna start i want to say something because you know i don't want to keep blocking people probably there are people in this live stream that are blocked on onyx because they just don't listen so i'm gonna start with this before i'm gonna block more people listen if you join the patreon Or, you join with the crypto bot.

00:00:52
So first of all, if you are in a Patreon, I suggest if you don't want to pay the taxes or fees, whatever, next month you can take a subscription to watch the live stream, sort of quarterly or six months or yearly, whatever it is you want, use the damn crypto bot; it's much easier. So, that's number one. Number two, the ones that have become a member, subscribed for the live streams and the allocation of it, you will get the indicator this month, and then it's over for this month. Sounds like a week now, so what does that mean? You just DM me your subscription if it's on Telegram or it's on Patreon; doesn't matter there's A screenshot listen to me here I am, this is me, this is the tier that I took and just DM me now, instruct you to DM me on Telegram so if you don't want to waste time just DM me on Telegram and I will give you the indicator, it's that simple.

00:02:00
So what happens next is then you got these people yeah well uh where are my trading course rates, it's almost like who told you anything about trading course rates, people they just assume so they you know they pay this couple of bucks and they think that they are you know they are the kings of the world. Give us this, give us that, give us this, give us that. The only thing that I'm going to give you is a block. So, be prepared for that. If you don't want to listen, you'll keep wasting my time and your own time also. Keep DMing me this bullshit about trading course rates. If you want, so if you are in this live stream, there is a description on this YouTube live stream.

00:02:54
It's explained in details how to get access to a leveraged trading course. So I'm going to repeat myself. Again, if you want the trading course vids, you have to be trading on Binance, Orbitunex. The links are in the description below. Open up an account, start trading, active trading. When you reach the 100k trading volume, so it doesn't mean that you have to deposit 100K or trade with one. No. You can make a 100K trading volume with 500 bucks if you want. When you reach the 100K, just DM me, listen, and W. I reached the 100K trading volume. This is my UID. Thank you so much. What happened next is you're going to get access to a free private group and you'll get access to all those trading course feeds. And that's it.

00:03:56
That's it. That simple. So please stop. Stop sending me those DMs. Oh, I want this. I want that. I want this. Yes. You know, I want to go to the moon. I'm looking for a rocket and I want to go to the moon. So if someone has got a rocket or something. So what do I got over here? So what do I got over here? What do I got over here? What do I got? Egon in the house, Fastlane, Gab, Alpiman. What is Mignon? What is Mignon? Who is Mignon? And Janus. I think that Janus is drunk. Weekends are the best. I know, Janus, you focus. Oh, Alpiman is also in the drinks. Hey, you junkies. These two junkies over here. A death break for Mark.

00:04:52
We got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got, what do we got? We got Mark, we got Walid, we got Zeeshan, we got Andrea, we got Pip, we got Matija, Medic, Kirk, Lamia. Lamia is in the house. Michael Vorba. Michael Vorba from the Czech Republic. Scary picture that is. He looked like some sucker, some football player. How do I say soccer, by the way? It's Americans who say soccer. Why do I say soccer? It sucks to say soccer. I hate it when they say football. You look like a football defender, Michael Vorba. Michael Vorba! Michael Vorba! Yes! He's saved. So we got Zupac. We got Freedom. Avalina Mario, the duck, is in the house. We got Lazy Bear.

00:05:49
We got Xoxo2. Okay, Xoxo2. Hello, hello. What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? We got, hello, everyone, SS. Isn't it Dutch? No, it isn't, you moron. This dad is crazy, this guy, really. No, I'm a racing driver. Oh, you're a racing driver. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Impressive, impressive, impressive. Let me go back so Michael Volmar is a racing driver okay, well you know, you look like that Russian guy from Rocky Ford but then in a little bit, a smaller version, you got the same haircut, scary, you know, just joking, okay, okay, okay. So what do we got? What do we got Evelina Mario, The Dark is in the house from Dubai, welcome, welcome, not a lot of you guys here, okay, well it doesn't matter even if you're like two of you.

00:06:52
So, so, Jewel is from Indonesia, okay, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, nice, nice, nice, I love Indonesia. So we're seeing what am I seeing? I'm looking at my screen with the bubbles all green, nice, nice, and ramps up as expected; the markets closed with a bounce. So we're going to talk about those in a moment. Now, maybe now, let's, let's just go in guys. Let's just go in. Let's just go with what to expect, what to expect, what to expect. So basically what we're seeing over here, what we're seeing over here is first of all, we've seen this VIX. You know, I've talked about this VIX already; you know, you know, short of VIX, you know, there's a big group in the United States, short of VIX, you know, this.

00:07:47
This are these guys the shoulders you know this you know these Beverly Hills uh these Beverly Hills uh people you know oh drive all those fancy cars you know that is very Daddy daddy daddy has been holding his stocks from 1983 yes Daddy has been holding the S&P yes And you know, we are just millionaires now. Yes, yes. Your daddy did very good. Your daddy was smart enough to buy those stocks and hold them. So, congrats to you. And Daddy bought me a car yesterday so Michael Vorba can race it for me. Yes, I'm going to sit right next to Vorba and he's going to race me my race car. Okay. Okay, stop it, MW. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. So what are we gonna do guys?

00:08:43
So basically, they're shorting the the weeks and they are doing a great job at it. So yeah, but to say it's not as if we are at some support levels or whatever so this; so we gotta connect some dots, guys. So I'm gonna take you with me connecting some dots. So I'm just gonna think out loud with you guys. Take you through a little bit of analysis, so over here it's looking bearish, it's looking horrible to be honest; this is just looking horrible, so this is just below it and below it looks like uh they're gonna dump this fix more than we could go to the weekly as you guys can see over here is where we can get some support.

00:09:27
But let me just say that the VIX doesn't react a lot or is very sensitive to the MW indicator, so that's something you really have to keep in mind. So this is uh this is uh this is the spoiler so for now this is just you know we have this yeah just imagine yourself just imagine yourself longing the U. Markets here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, in the past years, just three four years could have made a lot of money, could have made so much money. So that's that, then I want to show you guys this one. You know, weekends are always for macro, for the by the way, guys, for the ones that are new here, in the weekends we just do macro analyzes and these macro analyzes they're sick.

00:10:33
So just, just, just, just, just focus over here. So we've got PaxGPTC. So for the ones that are also new in here, PaxGPTC is something that, you know, crypto people that are related to crypto, what they do in the weekends, in the weekends, they like to flip gold into Bitcoin and vice versa. So that's what you're seeing over here. So if this thing goes up, it means that people are flipping the. Their bitcoin into gold, if this thing goes down, it means that uh people are flipping gold into bitcoin, so in the weekends we might, you know, but you know. Let me just say this guy's um they're planning on opening up the 24 hours on the markets those are just because someone isn't MW but they kind of oh yeah but 24 hours is only from Monday to Friday it's not in the weekend so Pex G will stay super valid.

00:11:29
But let me scare you a little bit. I want to scare you guys sometimes I want to scare you guys just a little bit, a little bit. I want to scare you guys, look where we are, Look where we are, look where we are. And I'm gonna repeat myself so you guys understand: if this thing goes up, Bitcoin goes down, I'm just saying. Look at it. Look where we are, I'm not saying that we you know this is not the same like we're charting something this you know to hit this level uh I think that bitcoin would be at maybe 5k or something so I'm not saying you know you know I you know I'm pretty realistic but not this realistic you know I'm not saying that we could reach those levels you know that would be madness in my opinion, but I'm just let me show you this.

00:12:32
So the previous stop, let's get the previous stop this is something we can charge so this previous stop over here when was this uh this was uh the 2nd of January, 2023? Are you seeing this guys it was over here oh oh over here, 2nd of January, so this was this was when we were over here. See this, this this one. Let me put it live: 2nd of January, 2002. So when this thing came down, this One up, so is it realistic to say or to think that this might just hit one of those levels over here because this is by the way pretty irresistible. Look where we are, we are in the middle-we're not over here, nor are we over here. Meaning,

00:14:01
this is probably when we're gonna buy in very heavy crypto. At least, that's what I would do; would you guys do the same? I don't know; I hope so, you know. You see, we already bought over there by the way, but this is where you could buy pretty big over here-and that's only this one, by the way. I'm just saying: be very careful, you know. It's just this one; it's just this one. You could also get this... uh, you can. Do this amateurs' trend lines, oh you know what, oh oh we broke out, oh we're so bearish, oh we go we go, oh we're gonna dump, we're gonna dump very hard because this is actually a breakout that we're seeing; it even does something like this.

00:14:58
You can make it like this, I think, this are you seeing this? Janice are you seeing this? So you could see this as, oh wait a minute, we're breaking out; we just broke out over here, oh wait, this was the breakout, this was the retest and then boom! And put it on daily. Look at it. What's the Indy doing? Oh, look at this. Nice. So the Indy is also, you know, pushing over here. I don't know, 12 hours looking. It's holding, holding. On a 4-hour. On a 4-hour, it's a mess. So this is basically, we're holding up. So, you see this? This level so the top of this level was 13 of April and then we got this one We got it. We gotta look where we work.

00:16:05
So if you want to measure it a bit, you know I'm gonna measure a little bit So we got 13 of April and August and 5th or 5th of August. I remember this day very good I think most of you guys remember this day. This was that you know when we capitulate it's really really heavy on altcoins so we got the 5th of uh let me go uh the 5th of august 5th of august what is it 5th of august so we got the 5th of august

00:16:49
It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. Where are you? It's so bad. So that's the 5th of August. Let's see. What's this? This was the 5th of August 24. Oh my God. I need to go to 24. What am I doing? What am I doing? This is 23. I need to go to 24, 5th of August. This is the one. Then we got another one was, what was it? What was it? What was it? What was it? It was 8th of April. Okay. 8th of April. You probably think to yourself, oh, what is MW doing here? Why is he doing this? This is why you can make life-changing money. If you understand what I'm doing here, this is how you make life-changing money.

00:17:48
This is how you go in very big. You have to calculate things. You have to analyze things. You have to check where are we, what are we doing. So these are the levels that we hit. So let me point out the levels that we hit. It was over here, 53,000. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So, let me just uh make this like this with this one. Are you seeing this? Guys are you seeing this? You know my levels are a bit higher; these are my levels. You want to see them? See these are my levels and uh, this is my really capitulation level. But over here, if you're going to measure it with this one 65), oh, it's a 65! So my levels aren't at the 65; I'm higher.

00:18:50
You know I'm pretty optimistic about bitcoin based on my analysis. You know I'm very bullish on bitcoin based on uh, this so because if you're gonna see this so, so taxi if taxi by any means would you know would come into this zone over here? The PEX will continue, this will continue to be painful; we'll hit this zone over here and then down. But so, if it would hit that zone boom), then uh, this will also hit. So the 65, between the 65 and 53. So the deeper this one goes, so suppose that we'll just touch it on the nose over here; we'll probably hit the 65, maybe 60. But if we go into the red, then we might... What is this? Bullish, bullish, bullish. So we might hit this one.

00:20:02
Yes, so on the nose. We go okay so well, well, so what, what did we just learn from this? What did we just learn from this? We learned that we uh have to put our alarms over here so if you know whatever happens if this thing ramps up, this if when these alarms go off it means that you have to deploy money, yeah I know it's crazy I don't know I'm also I know I'm crazy so you don't have to analyze a lot of you know a lot of markers you don't have to analyze this and that or so what did you just learn now so you don't have to focus on whatever no just forget about some keep it simple you want to keep it simple because you want you just you just you just you just want want the simple You just put your alarm over here.

00:21:02
So let's say from over here, from 43 to 49. You put your alarms over here. When you see those get hit, you start deploying. And I don't care what you want to deploy. You can buy meme coins. You can buy Ethereum. You can buy Bitcoin. You can buy XRP. You can buy Solana. You can buy Sui. You can buy Fiji. Whatever it is you want to buy. I don't care. But when those alarms go off, you have to focus. So this was the educational part for today. That was it. That's it. Not going to do any more today. I need to give you guys a lot more streams are coming. Every time, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit. By the way, you could also put your alarm over here.

00:21:56
Why am I saying this? Because if this thing goes up, it means if you aren't any longs or you're holding any bags that you bought on the previous dump, it's time to take profits. And if you're on any long, it's time to take profits, maybe even exit. Evelina, it's very simple. If this chart goes up, Bitcoin goes down. If this chart goes down, Bitcoin goes up. It's that simple. It's, you know, it's that simple. Okay, auction. Boom, boom. Oh, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction. We're going back to auction, guys. And why am I going back to auction? Because I think that auction is a great training, training, training example. Because if I can teach you guys, you know, the worst part, the worst thing, the biggest manipulation, the biggest scams, the biggest whatever, this is the best I can give you.

00:23:11
And I don't know if John is in this. No, John is not in the stream, but John already ripped it. So what happened? What happened after the stream yesterday? So after the stream, what happened is, first of all, if you guys remember, It was like two, three days ago, I don't know, maybe four days ago. I shadowed your chart with one, two. This was the one, two. One, two. One hit up. Then I told you the three is coming. It's just a matter of time. But the three is coming. So while this corner is over here or here even goes over there, it doesn't matter. Number three is coming. And you know. It came. It came. Hooray. Hooray. What a surprise. What a surprise. It came. Yes, yes, yes, it came.

00:24:03
So this spy car, by the way, some people have been making sick money on this one. They have been putting their sell orders over there, their short orders over there. And some, a few that don't listen to me. And that even after my trading course yesterday, that also didn't control their greed and they didn't, they oversaw themselves. Some, two of them I've seen them have been liquidated on this spike up. Two in total. That I know of. So, this is the danger of leverage trading. If you don't know what you're doing, they will wreck you. It's that simple. If you don't know how to leverage trade, they will wreck you. It's that simple. If you did not watch my leverage trading course videos, just don't leverage trade. Stop whatever it is you're doing.

00:25:16
Don't leverage trade. It's that simple. Use the indicator. Train yourself. Go in small. Trade Bitcoin, for example, trade Ethereum. Don't trade these altcoins, especially below 500 million. Don't trade this. These are too dangerous for people that are not experienced. So when you finish that part, that's when you come back to me. That's when you get access to the leverage trading course feeds. And that's when you're ready because you'll never get liquidated if you watch my leverage trading course. That's just what we do. We don't have liquidity. Look at this nasty candle. This was a nasty candle. It is so bad. It is so bad. It is so bad. But look at the dump after it. Are you seeing this? 37% dump after it. So after they hunted down Osiris, they dropped the price by almost 40%.

00:26:20
Almost 40% dump. Listen, guys, 40% dump is really huge. And we've all seen the P & L's from the retail firm. And then you got this, you know, there was one cockroach in the middle of them. These cockroaches are really silly. You know, these same retailers, what they did was, from the retail firm members, they shared their red P & L's. So when they were like three, four, five, 600% in red. And they shared when they were like three, four, five, 600% in green. They shared both. So this reading firm members, they are trained. They are trained to do whatever it is they do. They know what they're doing. So they don't get liquidated because they've been trained. And then you got this cockroach coming between them. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

00:27:15
How many times did you get liquidated before you made this wimpy note? This is the average mindset, the average IQ of retailers in crypto. And these are just even big people. And this is how stupid they are. I'm not going to swear today. Don't. Today is not a swear word. So these people, look how stupid they are. These people are so stupid you cannot imagine. They have no clue what they're doing. That's not how we do things. We do things the professional way, the safe capital way. We know what we're doing. We know when to, you know, there was someone that asked me also, listen, MW, you know, you made a lot of these trading course vids. Can you make another one?

00:28:12
Can you make one where you explain us how much you add to the position and when you add and when you don't add and et cetera, et cetera. I told him, yes, I can make that for you. I already made it. I told him you have to go into the live chat when I do the stream and you have to thank Janice and Alpiman. Let me point them out for you. These two. You have to thank this one, this one, especially this one. So this is the biggest. This is the biggest one. So this, you have to thank him. And then you got that other one, Janice. So you have to thank these two guys. They are the reasons why I'm not releasing that vid.

00:28:54
So if you're losing any money or whatever, you can get your money from this guy, Alpiman. And the other guy is Janice. So you can get your money from those two. Because these two jokers, they were making fun of me while I was trying. And working very hard to release that vid and they were making fun of me by you know you know the same same like you know those guys that are making always fun about when Ethel hit 10k, you see you see Vitalik and you know very old so it was the same style of joke that they made about me, you know I hoped, I hope to survive beer and the pins to watch that vid until it gets released.

00:29:39
Well, when I saw that they're making fun of me, okay, I'm working my butt off over here to get you guys that trading course vid and you guys are making fun of me instead of helping me or making fun of me, okay fine, I will not release it and I will name you guys for weeks, months, years, I don't care. Every time when someone asks me MW how does it work this leverage trading chase trading whatever, You can thank Alpiman over here and Janus for not releasing them. It's that simple. So thank you again, Alpiman. Shout out to these two guys. Shout out to these two guys. Keep thanking them for ruining it for the rest of the Rito fam. For being, you know, Alpiman, I think maybe he was drunk.

00:30:24
He thought to himself, let's make a joke. Well, bad joke, bad joke, bro, bad joke. So, auction so uh over here for the for the Chase Traders congrats that all made the money over here uh don't listen to these cockroaches, cockroaches, they you know these amateurs it's just ridiculous, they're just amateurs. So we got number three so now why not number four, why not number four? I can tell you that the team is going bigger this time, I've said it, the team took I think they even you know into perfection by the way, they took over here they shared it in their group by the way, I think they took out 75% of that position. I think they took out even more on the bounce over here.

00:31:08
But they're already in, they're already in, they're already back in DCA. So this fourth will be bigger, it will be bigger, so this position will be bigger. So let's see how the Indy will go up also, and let's see how they will manage to get into this. Pink zone and then the red zone, so let's see if they can break through this uh, keep in mind that this is this is pretty hard resistance over here. This one, 72-73 bucks, and by the way, I wanted to say something uh, you know a correction from my side on my side, so my mistake. We are not at all-time high levels with auction because you know auction is an old dog and I'm using the Binance chart. But let me show you this.

00:31:53
Look at this, look at this! I was checking this yesterday and I saw this. So my mistake, I'm sorry, forgive me. But on Maxi, we have more history. Look at this, remove this, look at this! See this on maxi? The price spiked even higher and we got this high so we made we made a high based on this high over here, but this one so... I don't know, but you know, we can check it, we can check it on over here. What is the all-time high on what is the all-time high on this thing? It doesn't really Matter also, but you know, just why not let's check it? What was the ultimate oh? By the way, the volume is increasing, oh these Koreans are crazy! The volume is buying our $1.

00:32:50
4 billion on Coin Market Cap. Let me see how it's on. Let me see how it's on. Sorry. The volume is really madness. Let me see how it's on. Sorry. But at this point, the team doesn't care anymore. Red funding rates, volume, they don't care. At some point, they don't care anymore because they just, they know what they're doing. They went in so deep. It's now just time to put those big. Bands on don't do what they do by the way guys these guys are professional traders don't just follow them just blindly but let me see yeah here it's one billion showing but one bill but you know the the thing is with this auction coin that the market gap is pretty low so they could ramp this thing up very easily, the market cap is just uh 390.

00:33:44
it's just 390 million it's not a lot. Listen, if this coin was like $5 billion, $4 billion, $3 billion, then I could say, well, listen guys, this might take really a lot of money to push this thing up. But it's just $300 million, $400 million. So if those Koreans want to push this price really at all-time highs, maybe even to the $100, they could. They can and they could. They can and they could. So this is something you really have to keep in mind. This is the risk. This is the risk if you gonna scale in again, and I'm gonna show you something else by the way Where is it? I think it's over here. I'm gonna show you this, I tweeted about this in the morning, Yes, this one, look at this, I seen this even on the crow so whatever it is, the crow or whatever they call it, key R. W. so this is these are the Koreans buying uh auction with with a Korean uh whatever they call it the money money from Korea, so even then look at this, this indicator is really just mind-blowing, even on their currency, look it's the same story, look over here,

00:35:07
Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea. So Korea, Korea, Korea. Basically, the rejection, so the pump that they pumped, they pumped it into the 100K. You see? This was the rejection. The 100K was the rejection. So now, I think they want to test it again. I think they're going to test. So we got this one, look at this bounce, beautiful. But this is also, guys, this is also. This is also the professional way of how we do things. We take the damn profits. You know, I was awake when this happened, and you know, I think that Ali Kaber, Ali Kaber, I think he's sleeping now. He asked me on X, should we take profits? Normally, I don't answer these type of questions. Normally, I never answer these types of questions.

00:35:56
And in the morning, I answered it. I told him, 'Yes, take the damn profits.' But he shouldn't ask me that question. Why? Because Ali Kaber, he has this indicator and he's educated. You know, when this happens, you take profits. Because I know that he saw this. It was the greed inside of his mind that was telling him, 'No, no, auction already pumped so much. It will probably just go below the Indy now. It's going to dump. It's going to dump.' You're going to get rich because he's already in profits. But he gets greedy. That's greed. oh my god greed is so dangerous greed is greed greed is your biggest enemy it's just

00:36:42
that simple so he wanted that confirmation but he he knew this already you know you know this is something you know every time when this happens you see this by the way you had john john what did john john was in a short he just reverted he just pushed the reverse button he went into a long you know you're right in the hold up so this is what john did john just pushed the reverse button and made a lot of money on the bounce up again and then he'll probably start this year shorting again at some point with the profits that he made on this bounce but you know that's you know professional Trading that's you know, you need to build but just look at this boom, boom, boom, do you think it's a coincidence this indicator?

00:37:31
Do you think that you think this just you know you think someone just painted this over here come on, come on, be a man, be a man, be a man. So uh fartcoin, fartcoin by the way I passed uh the four thousand uh thousand Pino, I didn't share it by the way. On the this is on the on the long ETF uh, it's my blood it's my blood you know You know, at some point sometimes people just OH MW MW whatever. Yeah yeah I'm buying you're buying no you shouldn't buy oh here it is. You know even it went down. It was at 5,000% at some point. It was at 5,000. I think it was at 5,000. I think it was 5,000.

00:38:21
And people ask me, but MW, how do you, you know, 5,000, how is that possible? How is it possible? How do you mean how is it possible? I told you exactly when I was buying. It's a long ETF. I took some profits on the way up. Yes, for sure. But the rest is still running. So, what do you mean? How do you do that or how is it possible? I told you just like I told you on the short ETF. I gave you exactly when I was shorting it. And I get, you know, a lot of people, MW, oh, we missed, we missed it, we missed, we missed all those shorts. No, you didn't miss it. You just didn't believe it. There's a difference between that. You didn't miss it. But then I told you, okay, well, you missed the short ETF. There is a long ETF coming up.

00:39:30
I'm gonna buy here but you know the markets were going down and everyone you know and I know how it is because because this is this is the danger of Twitter and let me tell you this is also this is also this is also let me post this one this is by the way also the reason why I tell you block shillers block shillers no no MW I'm not gonna block them you know why you know I just want to see what they share you know I understand it. And then someone goes, 'no, no, no, I'm W'. You know, you know, you know, I'm not going to block them. You know, why, why? You know, it's, it's entertaining for me. It's entertainment for me.

00:40:11
You know, I just love to see what, you know, what all those sailors share. I just want, I don't, I understand you. I feel you. But you have to keep in mind that they will get into, they are getting paid to get into your mind. They will feed you the sentiments. They feed you the direction they want you to go in. Because it's very simple. When I was shouting out loud, while Trump became president, that I was going to short Bitcoin and Solana and a lot of other coins to death, as I did successfully. Everyone in CT was telling you that we were going to the moon. Why? Because Trump was going to make.

00:40:57
To make crypto the new capital of the world in America okay okay forget about that one then we had the long ETF I prepared you for this long I gave you the exact levels I gave you the exact moments when I'm gonna buy how I'm gonna buy okay then that moment came but at that same moment when that moment came, this happened by the way after I challenged all those uh buy ETH guys and shorted it out of it so then I told you, listen guys, I'm buying here, I'm buying the ones where the levels get hit, buying the buying you know not buying the levels are getting hit so they're getting bought up but at that same time, those same guys, same sales that were telling you that that that you should buy ETH at the top when markets dumped, they were telling you uh maybe we're going into a bear market, maybe this is the end, maybe this maybe that.

00:41:54
They were feeding you that same sentiment again. That's what they get paid for. That's what they do. And, you know, so you can tell me, you know, I don't watch them. It's only for me. It's just entertainment. Or, you know, I want to trade against them or whatever. But at the same time, they are getting into your mind. They are regulating the sentiment in your mind. They are not letting you see clear. It's always foggy in front of your eyes. They create that fog. And they are very good at it. And they get paid a lot of money to do that. So, what I was telling you, I'm going to buy Fartcoin. I'm going to start buying Fartcoin. That's why I had 4,000%. By the way, it's not only this one.

00:42:45
I think that SPX is also doing great. i think sbx i have to check on sbx but sbx is also doing great by the way also almost doubled up so uh i've got some coins over here i've got i was eyeing ip uh i saw the team sharing something about i'm not gonna tell you guys what the team uh shared but i saw the team sharing something about it and i was eyeing it like they were doing and you know i think they're right i agree with them so and then we got this orca pointed out by the creators group uh also showing a lot of power is orca and then we got this

00:43:24
uh pi getting super wrecked we got red uh we nailed this one you know this is something that's you know this is something that always gets into my mind you know we traded the crap out of this so this one has got to be i'm sure that we traded this one also huh janice janice does remember this i think You know, the team also shorted the crap out of this one, 30%. So, you know, this is something, you know, these are big gains made. And then you got a small group of people that only talk about this one. Well, they're also making money on this one, by the way, but not as big as those ones. But this will come. It will come. You just have to be patient.

00:44:10
You just have to be patient. You have to forget about it. You have to don't look at it. And then at some point, you'll find it at 30 bucks. There was one yesterday. What did he tell me? He told me, what was it? He told me, yeah, but this one didn't. It was in the chat. But this one, he did it. Oh, this one, but he didn't know it. No, he didn't pump 250%. Yeah, but PI didn't pump 250%. No, he didn't. Okay, let's see. How much did it pump? 380%. I'm sorry, bro. I'm sorry. Yes, it didn't. No, you're right. It didn't pump at 250 percent you know you cannot compare those two no no no I cannot compare them now because this thing just pumped 400 percent in one two three four four four freaking days it bumped for almost 400 percent you cannot compare it with auction no no auction is different because auction it pumped how much did auction pump?

00:45:13
Auction it pumped in one two three four let's take it from here What is this? What is this? 100%. And what did PI do in four days? Five days. One, two, three, four, five days. Now, I cannot compare these two. No, no, no. You cannot compare these two. This is 320% in five days. Okay. And then let's go to auction. Where's auction? Over here. Come here. Five days. One, two, three, four, five. And I'm even going to take this spike with it. Take this spike. We have to do it; we're gonna take this this huge spike. One, two, one, two, three, one, two, three, four, five. Okay, let's take this one. What did it do? What did it do? 130 percent. No, no, no. No, no, no.

00:46:08
Auction pumped way more; auction pumped way more than than than pi pi didn't pump that much. Come on, bro. If you don't know what you're talking about, just don't talk. Just focus and listen. Focus and listen. Don't. I can agree with you if you're going to tell me that MW cannot compare PI with auction because tokenomics are totally different. You know, auction has got way more potential to grow even harder and more familiar than PI. Because PI is just a lot of crap. This is when I agree with you. You're right, bro. Please say something that makes sense, that helps the retail firm. Don't just say things because you feel like saying them. Time. And let me tell you this. Auction to short the crap out of it was not my choice.

00:47:14
I would never get into this coin. Because you guys know me. I don't like coins that have super red funding rates. I would never short them. That's the lesson that I teach. I teach you: never, ever, ever short coins that are in deep red. I educate you guys for this. Just stay away from it. That's my advice. That's my teaching. And then you get all these retailers, all auction, this auction, that auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction, auction. Okay, fine. Here is auction. And then you got the team. And don't ask me why, but the team started shorting auctions. But they are successful in it because they know even at this, what you're seeing over here with these candles, they managed to make profits to get in and out.

00:48:05
But that's just because they're professional traders. But so auction isn't even because based on the tokenomics and based on the volume. and based on uh the funding rates i would never ever ever ever short auction i wouldn't even touch it that's my style so uh i want to show you guys decks for janice especially for janice yes janice i shorted the crap out of this one i made a lot of money german money so i'm i'm sucking the life out of the germans yes okay just in case you want to know i'm sucking the life out of the germans over here by the way guys you have to be very careful with this decks because this decks might dump very hard there was some report came out i don't know uh there was a report came out that i don't know it was it was something had to do with the fact that you all these years you couldn't there was some manipulation that you couldn't show it

00:49:10
there were no etfs or something you cannot short attacks so this should have so called explained why it was romping up whatever but let me just tell you this guys let me tell you this this thing could crash down this thing could crash down this thing will crash down you just have to time it but this thing could crash down Be ready. Be ready. Be ready for this thing. I just wanted to say that. Oh, Fartcoin is printing. Oh, Fartcoin. I love Fartcoin. Guys, you know, if someone wants to tell me, listen, MW, you're a genius. If you want to call me a genius, forget about everything that I shared and predicted and did or whatever. Everything. Forget about everything.

00:50:05
I want only the people that have been following me, let's just say that you follow me from December, the past three, four, five months. I told you, if you want to make money, if you want to become a millionaire, trade Fartcoin. Trade it up and down. Use the Indie, trade it up and down. But you don't even have to trade all these other manipulated coins like, you know, like Auction, Plume, Red, whatever. You could just focus on what and you know if Fartcon will dump because I remember yes Fartcon didn't hit my buy zone but I told you I'm gonna buy it either way I shared something I was going to buy because I know it didn't hit this zone. But look at this. Oh, Fartcoin, you monster. You monster.

00:51:13
I need to make a new one about this one, by the way. But look at this, Fartcoin. Fartcoin is, guys, Fartcoin can make you rich. It's, you know, it's a machine, guys. It's a machine. Fartcoin is a machine. Let me just say this if this thing dumps down again Buy some fart coin You know But don't you know, you know when everyone everything is crashing down and everyone is crying like a baby Going to zero. That's when you buy, you know, it was just recently when we dumped and you know You know you guys you guys you guys forget I don't forget No, you know because I remember it very good guys. I'm buying Guys I'm buying Guys I'm buying I'm DCA in I'm full in cash. I'm buying, I'm buying SPX here!

00:52:20
Yes, okay guys, but I'm buying, don't fear markets, don't be afraid, please buy, buy, guys, buy! Use your brains, bye! Look at this, guys, look at this! This is what I was explaining-they feed you the fear, they make you fearful; they feed you greed at the top. You cannot imagine how dangerous these people are CT and Twitter. These guys are so... even if you think that you're smart, I follow, I'm welcome. I know that these guys are jealous. I know that they got paid. I know that they are scams. I know that they have no clue what they're doing. I know that they are just... I know, I know, I know! But guys, but they get into your minds. Every time when you read their posts, they're feeding, you know, you have to be so super strong.

00:53:23
You know, I even blocked them. And not because they can fool me. I found out that I was wasting too much time on those people. That's why I blocked them. But guys, you have to see for yourself. Because it's time. You're wasting your time on them. And you could use that time by educating yourself, focusing, and making money every day again and again. So while you're wasting your time on these people, I wasn't going to sweat. so you have to be okay so but listen guys uh again fart the coin it's all nice you know we love it fart going it's great fart going but i'm telling you you can become a millionaire and fart going also ensuring it up and down so if you don't have this 5k because i think it's 5k by now let me check it's not 5k it's not 5k it is 4 . 4 4700 percent

00:54:38
Farticoin. But Farticoin comes down just as fast. Because for the new ones, we shorted the crap out of Farticoin from the top. Just imagine how much percent that is. But let me tell you this. So Farticoin. Fart coin is just a retail fans coin, you know, so fart coin You know That's fart coin because fart coin is made for us traders, you know You have to see like like, you know, what was his name again? What was his name again? The race driver? No The race driver, I hope that you have a great car to race in. For us traders, we also need our equipment. We need our, you know, we need where, you know, where our skills come out best, you know. You know, so you train yourself like you are racing.

00:55:37
So I think that you do a lot of sports and, you know, you train yourself to do whatever it is that you're doing while you're racing and whatever it is you do with that car. So in training, it's the same thing. You need that card to raise. We need Fartcoin to trade. You understand? We need Fartcoin. If you want to trade, you need Fartcoin to trade. We need Fartcoin. So thank you, Fartcoin, for being whoever it is you are. And thank you, anyone that is shilling Fartcoin openly on CT. I love you guys. And I want you guys to, you know, promote Fartcoin even more. Come on, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin, Fartcoin. Because Fartcoin is our Bobcat of 2025. Told you so. So, yeah, you can expect a red P&L from Fartcoin in the near future.

00:56:38
And, you know, by the way, I'm going to close. It's now 50% is running. So I'm going to close maybe 90%, maybe even more. So 99%. And the long ETF, I'm sorry, guys, but I'm going to close. I'm going to close a big chunk soon. And it might get flipped in the same short ETF into short. So then we're going to print like crazy. By the way, guys, Fartcoin, just use them. the indicator so that's about that i wanna i wanna see whether we got in the chat some questions or something and then we're gonna close it up me waiting to buy all all alls when they reach 69 . 72 so rapid where were you when I was on Twitter shouting? Uh, start buying by the way.

00:57:28
I only bought 10 of my investment portfolio uh but I traded much more and the longing to have his own leverage, so that was from the trading portfolio. But where were you, Rapid? So because this is very easy to say something like this, you know, because this is very cheap, you know why this is, you know why this is so, because this was you being afraid; the ones that I was talking about, you are one of them, because if you have all your cash ready and you're waiting for this level to hit before you start buying it means that you are afraid; it means that you are afraid. The markets go down, and it's normal; you don't have to be ashamed for this. No need for shame.

00:58:08
Because 99% of average people in financial markets or in crypto, they're afraid. They're afraid when markets go down. They are afraid when markets go up. It's the same story. You know, when the markets are above, they're afraid to sell and take profits. They fear. And when markets bleed, they're afraid to buy. This is normal. This is how old people are. It's just how people are made. You know, I'm a crazy fool for trying to change things in your minds, but that's not easy. And I'm trying. I'm really trying to get into your minds. And, you know, there are some people that really, you know, they follow me for a long time. They know me. MW just saved me from, you know, 90 or 90% plus losses for my holdings.

00:59:04
And I'm in cash. And if that fool of MW is trying to buy, well, fool it, I'm going to buy also. Fool it, I'm going to buy it also. If he's buying, I'm buying. It's just that simple. I've got all that cash here already, so I would have lost this money anyway if I didn't listen to him. So why not just, you know, fuck it, let's just buy with this. If he's buying SPX, I'm buying SPX. Is he buying Particon? I'm going to buy Particon. If he's buying that, I'm going to buy it. I don't give a fuck. That's about it. Oh, that's a good idea, Alpiman. Yeah, maybe I could sponsor Michael's car. Why not? Why not? Do you need a small Ritofam MWM wheel killer indicator? So sponsorship. Where are you raising, Michael? Maybe we can sponsor you. It's a bit far in Czechoslovakia. Czechoslovakia. So what do we got?

01:00:04
Professional traders make mistakes, so you're right to not short this. Edward, I don't agree with you completely. I don't agree with you. You know what? Because there is, you know, I understand where you're coming from. Because you, from a trader's mindset, you shouldn't have shorted it. It's just that simple. It's just like I teach you. Just follow the rules. Funding rate's red. Stay away from it. That's it. There is another style, a whole other style, and this style is not built on uh on on trading on the short term. It's not built on trading on making gains ins and out etc etc. It's not built on that one um you've got professional traders what they do, they like it's just like an investment it's an investment for them.

01:00:51
So let me let me let me let me give you a very very good example and I want you guys to focus on what I'm going to say now so you can understand why GTC did what they're doing. So chase trading and by the way, you can you can you can you can you can you can thank Altiman and Janice again for not for me not releasing that vid but I'll give you guys every time a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and at some point maybe maybe maybe you can fill it up and then you got the total view. Let me let me do it. So basically what I did was, you know, I wasn't interested in fart coin when it dumped over here.

01:01:25
I wasn't interested over here. I wasn't interested over here and I wasn't interested. Over here and then at some point I started yelling on Twitter, 'I'm interested over here' and 'I'm interested over here', and why am I interested over here? Because we are reaching bottom levels, see. So, while I was buying fat one over here, I know it's a risk, especially with this is just a meme point; it's just a Ponzi coin, so it's you know it's a risk buying this. But you know I had the guts to buy it up So I'm buying it up over here, even opening along on this one. And I know that the risk is that this thing might dump even more over here, but I'm ready for that.

01:02:02
I'm ready for the fact that it goes lower over here. So I'm already ready for the fact that if I'm starting to buy over here, I'm ready for if this happens. And how am I prepared for that? I'm prepared for that with the fact that I'm going to buy more. So I'm going to DCA in. So that's just a dollar cost average. So that's how, in my mind, because in my mind, when we reach bottom levels, there is just a big probability that this thing might bounce up. And I don't want to miss that. I just don't want to miss it if it happens. So I have to, at some point, not wait for the exact bottoms. I have to scale in. So that's why you see those posts on Twitter.

01:02:42
I know a lot of you guys probably. Forget about those, but you know when when did when we were over here you know all CT was shouting oh they're all themselves but you know at that same point I was yelling listen guys don't be afraid don't be afraid buy in buy in I'm starting to buy Don't be afraid. Don't fear the fucking markets. So that's why I started buying in over here. So when I start buying in, I'm prepared for the fact that if this thing goes down, I'm going to buy more. Just like SPX did. SPX kept, I started the buy in at $0. 35 and it dumped $0. 25. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad because I'm just buying in chunks and I'm loaded with cash to buy more.

01:03:34
But I'm average buying in. Now comes the story about the professional toilet. I don't know if you're referring to GTC, but if you are referring to GTC, let me show you. Do you actually think, look where GTC is, what is it? So in GTC, their choice of going in, first of all, these guys are professional toilets, so they know what they're doing. So if they, it's the same story over here. Let's say that this was the high. This was the high, by the way. Over here is the all-time high or whatever over here. So while they are DCA starting to short the crap out of this thing, especially with Koreans doing whatever this do, you know, they have experience with Koreans, just like I have got a lot of.

01:04:20
I've got a big story about Koreans, by the way. You guys don't know that. Let's just say the Koreans and I, we have a love-hate relationship between us because in the past. I have been challenging these guys to death. And we made a lot of money out of these guys. And then they tried to hack me. That didn't work out. But, you know, the biggest hackers are from the north of Korea. Those are my friends. And, you know, I was destroying the South Koreans. And the South Koreans tried to hack me after that. But it's a long story. It's a very long story. But let me tell you this, that the Koreans, I know how they play. I know how Koreans play. I just know them. I know their style.

01:04:59
And the team, was with me, they also know this Korean so, but either way it doesn't it's not about the Koreans now what it's about is that they are starting to dash in at the top so for sure this thing could make a new high and go even to 100 bucks but they are prepared for this before they are going to enter this chase rate; they are prepared for the fact that this thing might go to 100. They are prepared for it. There's a big difference between someone who is not prepared for this and someone else, prepared. They own the skills. They are prepared for this coin to chase it up, even if it would go to 100%. And let me tell you, I'm almost 100% sure that it will come out as winners because they know how to do that.

01:05:48
So this is the same story, just like I was showing you on Fartcoin. So when you decide to go buy in over here, at the bottom formation, start DCA buying in. So if the bounce comes, you've got to make that 5,000% P &L. It's the same story if you're going to buy in and start DCA buying in over here because just a correction down to these levels will give you that same 4,000% or 5,000% P &L. It's the risk management. I know it sounds maybe a little bit crazy what I'm saying over here, but this is not all professional traders; a small group of professional traders that own these skills and own these timings of markets and timings of going in.

01:06:40
And, you know, especially when you're trading crypto, it's a lot of stuff. You need to know who your opponent is. So in this case, I know that it's the Koreans. And I know how they trade and I know what they do and I know how they do it so I know this already you know because these freaks they like to push also a lot of reverse buttons and when these freaks will start pushing the reverse buttons well you do the math what will happen if this thing will turn around just say So, it's, but you really, you need, you need, you need to be experienced because if you're not experienced, if you're not, if you're not trained, if you didn't, what level, if you don't know what you're doing, they might, these Koreans, they can hunt you down and they could.

01:07:30
Okay. So that's that question. Let me do another one since I've got some. So I'm just asking about ID, about ID to private group. I sent you ID to X a few days ago. I sent you ID. You mean UID, okay? I'm not sure if you should get some links back to inbox or wait. I appreciate your work. Mike, do me a favor. DM me now again on Telegram and put your UID and put also the exchange that you trade on. And I will check it after the live stream. Yes, you got my word on that one. Are you still expecting me to see the dump this weekend? i'm not did i expect bitcoin

01:08:13
to dump this weekend did i say that miguel did i say that yes i said that but this is this is very dangerous so i said that on friday before the markets closed and then i went to sleep michael and then what did i do i updated you guys on telegram and patreon i told you listen i woke up and i saw that the market bounced off very strong so That changed everything. This is the problem since I'm living now in the Middle East. I'm no night person. I'm not someone that goes to parties. I'm not someone that drinks alcohol. I'm not someone that likes whatever luxury, fancy stuff around. I'm a pretty good place for that, by the way, but that's not me. I like to sleep at night.

01:09:02
I wake up very early. I do my sports. I do my things. I do my charts. You know, that's me. But when, you know, when it's 8, 9, 10 o'clock in the evening, 11 o'clock, that's when I go to sleep. When people, when the average people go, let me just say, when the children go to sleep, I go to sleep. That's just how it works. So I'm sorry, Michael, but you should have because you're now saying something while I said something after it. So for now, I really don't know. We got this. We got this new thing that I shared with you on Twitter. This might, because this might affect the financial markets. This thing with, you know, out of the sudden, a lot of European countries are telling, oh, don't go to America.

01:09:49
No, no, no, you should not go to America. I don't know what's going on. Very crazy. But, you know, my buddy Sid, he says, he thinks that it will affect the financial markets. But for me, you know, I'm still bearish on the financial markets. There's nothing changing for that because I told you already that we didn't. After this, listen, look, see where we are. So, even if we're bouncing, we're bouncing over here, but we didn't even hit this zone. So, to answer your question on the midterm, yes, I'm still bearish. We didn't even hit this zone, bro. Look where we are. We didn't even hit this one. So, we really need to hit this one. Then maybe even go to this one before you know but you know financial markets they torture us it's just what they do it's just really I joined on Telegram, you mean Zeeshan, that you use the crypto but yes just the DME screenshot that you're in the group and yes you will get it it's one week when we do. I got more questions.

01:11:04
I am slightly experienced, but don't trade these calls. Are you experienced, Alpiman? Oh, I didn't know that. You're experienced in what? Listen, guys, Alpiman is experienced in missing out on trades. So I almost went into a short over there. I almost took a long. Alpiman is one of those guys. Let me show you guys how Alpiman, the kind of trader Alpiman is. Alpiman, you remember when we went down over here? You remember when we went down over here so uh let me fight you know when we went down over here and I was shouting to everyone come on bye bye I'm buying and buying this is when you know when Alpiman his wife calls him come come where are you come over here Alpiman what MW is telling you to buy and then what what did he say I didn't hear you honey what what and then he goes up And then he goes into the closet and hides himself Then his wife comes up Where are you Alpiman?

01:12:07
Where are you? Then he's silent hiding in the closet like a little baby I don't want to buy I don't want to buy I'm afraid I'm afraid to buy I'm afraid to buy That's Alpiman And then when the markets cool down and everything goes up and then Alpiman comes out of the closet Not out of the closet like you know like He's gay or something, so out of the closet like he was afraid, so this is Alpiman and then when markets bounce up, yes I knew, so I knew, I knew it, yes, yes, yes, I'm gonna tell you exactly how you do it, you have to do it like this and this and this, so this is Alpiman guys, so For the ones that want to know how Alpiman is, this is Alpiman.

01:12:58
So, guys, let me see the last question. Then we're going to close it up. How is the blue box on the US? Why? Why? What does it matter how the blue box is, Alpiman? You're not going to buy anyway. So, you're not going to do anything based on that anyway. Oh, what is this? Prithvi Kuloli. Me attending first live stream. Well, welcome, bro. Welcome and I hope that you learn a lot of things step by step. I'm doing a lot of education by the way on this live streams, uh, that I didn't do before, so guys, I love you all. Enjoy your weekends, uh, by the way. Always keep in mind that Sunday afternoons they have been super valid past weeks. I'm just saying, I'm just saying for the ones that are new in here, what's Sunday?

01:13:46
Got the Dutch, we call them the Dutch, the Dutch Sunday afternoons. And what happens at Dutch Sunday afternoon, so it's European time around between 3 o'clock and 7 o'clock in the evening, so European time, between 3 and 7; what a lot of times happens is that markets, altcoins start dumping. It's like they're correcting, so you've got always this Friday night, Saturday, they go up a bit, and then at Sunday, 3 o'clock or 2 o'clock European time, they start going down. And, yes, I know there's only one sick fuck in the world that pays attention to things like that. That's me. But it works out a lot of times. A lot of times it works out. A lot of times. So what is a lot of times? 70%, 60%, maybe 75%.

01:14:34
I don't know. You have to calculate it. You can do your own research on that one, by the way. Just go and put some numbers on them and go check it out. But, you know, maybe we're going to get some Sunday. Sunday, Sunday, by the way, let me, let me, let me, and this one, let me see, this one, let me see where is what happened, let me see how, how, um, how this one is, oh, oh, this is what serious, okay, guys. I was just you know, I just checked you know, I was just checking in on uh, the funding rates of auctions, guys. It's predicted to be 4. 0, this is this is sick, guys, be very careful if you are in any uh, if you are in any uh, shorts, you might also pay really, really a lot of funding rates.

01:15:36
So this is something you have to keep in mind. So the funding rates are really, this is crazy, by the way, guys, 4. 0 is really madness. So this means, in my opinion, that they want to, the Koreans are ready to, they really are ready to dump it. It's the funding rates that are not allowing them to dump it. You have to keep that in mind. And you have to see it like this. Sometimes they just dump it on the super red funding rates. They just dump it on it. You know why? Because they made so much money. They made so much money. They just kind of dump it on it. But $4 predicted is really a lot, by the way, guys. I'm buying it and I'm buying this.

01:16:22
Oh, it's a lot. It's a lot. But let me tell you this. The team will not get out. The team is in and they will stay in. And they will really, they will really. Correct. They will kill it. I know they're going to kill it. We got Hans Heinz. Come on, Flying Dutchman. Am I Flying Dutchman? Who is the Flying Dutchman? Flying Dutchman was Dennis Bergkamp. That was the Flying Dutchman. One of the best players in the world, by the way. Ever, in my opinion. Dennis Bergkamp. I think he's one of the best. And based on the people that really know football. When you hear other people talking about Dennis Bergkamp, it's mind-blowing what you hear. For me, there are two players that I like a lot in the history of football, and they are really in my top five ever. And it's not Ronaldo, and it's not Messi. For me, players like Zidane, players like Bergkamp, those are really players I liked at 10. Those are really players that these were maestros all over they ruled they ruled the field they could win a game on their own it's mind-blowing so I think that Zidane was a level higher than Bergkamp but it was a little bit of the same stuff have a nice one thanks all for watching bye.