*** Live Stream 04-14-2025 OM DUMPING AS PREDICTED !! *** 

00:00:02
And welcome again to InEquipter. Welcome, Retail Familia. Familia, how are you? Retail fam, welcome, welcome. MWQ, yes, another live stream. Yesterday we did one, a very important one, by the way. So we're going to do one today because markets over futures markets are open. DXY is holding support. Bitcoin is chopping around. What's going on? Why is MW brewing for us again? What is he brewing again? So we got salsa with us today, I don't know if she's muted or not muted but she's a little bit sick so she's just uh in the background so shout out to Salsera hi guys, so that was a stick hi guys, I think so guys, we're gonna talk about a lot today whether I got over here, so I brought with me uh uh you know a big bag of cash over here, so

00:00:55
I can swear myself just whatever you know I'm gonna you know you know I have to spoil myself sometimes you know it cost me some money you know so be it no but you know at least I can spoil myself you know I just go you know you guys know that I always don't do just like the markets I'm just like the markets when the markets tell you they're going up, they go down I'm just saying when I'm telling you that I'm going to swear I'm not gonna swear you know why would I waste this cash? You know, why would I waste this cash? Why, why, why? Where is it? Why did I put that? It's over here. So, okay, so familia, we're going to talk about a lot today. Let the music run.

00:04:09
Yes, yes, yes, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's dive in. So what do I got? What do I got away? What do I got? Oh, let me go very fast. Very fast. Walid Kir Ashton. We've got Pedro. We've got Crypto Fiore. T Blue. We've got C Bueno. We've got Phil C. We've got Is This Bob. We've got Sean. We've got Sue Park. Amiros. Al Floriano. Kirk Carlo. Alpiman.

00:04:38
We got Mark over here, we got Deft, we got RevPop, we got KPNs, we got Peter, Julian, Sean, we got Scott, Miles Texas, we got Jerry, we got Psycho, we got Lord, Benjamin, we got Rory Gruer, Jawar, we got Spaceman, we got Jew over here, we got Reckons, TopSits, Bro. Uh, we got Lars, we got Jess, we got Ellen, we got Joe, Mama Dolly, we got this phone good boys, okay? So before I kind of talk about markets, before I'm gonna talk about anything, I'm gonna talk about this first, you know? We're gonna talk about this first, so this is what we're gonna talk about, so let me just i'm gonna take you with me, take you with me uh around uh four years back by the way.

00:05:31
I'm drinking a lovely tea, so I suggest you do the same, you know why? Because this tea keeps me cold, you know? You know I remain calm when I drink tea, I love tea, by the way. I don't drink coffee, I love coffee to drink some coffee time by time but the problem is it kills my stomach, it's like I'm allergic to coffee, so when I drink coffee my stomach starts burning like crazy, so that's why you know? I love tea, I love tea. And my favorite tea is Moroccan tea, by the way, with mint. I love that. So anyway, that's MW. You go watch Financial Markets and you're fucking talking about, okay, that's the first one. You're going to talk about tea, mint tea and Moroccan tea, whatever. So let's see.

00:06:27
Let's see. you know i i know bob i hate this you know i've you know i've seen this you know uh you know they drink here in dubai these indians that drinks i don't know guru guru buru whatever it is they drink some kind of tea with milk without it's not my thing guys it's just not and when i want to drink tea i just drink tea i don't want to you know milk with tea and you know that's not my yeah that was an expensive tea Okay, so guys, let's just talk about this. I want to give a shout out to Tran. I don't know what his YouTube name is here. I don't know if he is in this live stream, but his name is on Twitter. It's Tran.

00:07:14
I want to give a shout out to you, bro. I don't know how you did it. I don't know what you did, but how did you find that OM trade, that OM vid? You know, I say a lot of stuff and you know, I never remove or removal expose you know, you know it's just those are my files if you know. By time someone wants to record everything I said if he wants to make a Netflix theory of it if he wants to write a book about it, it's all recorded you know. I don't remove anything so it's all there. So shout out to this trend guy if you're here let us know who you are so this train guy he found it so okay.

00:07:57
So this is now what I want you know what I don't get is you know there are some you know let me go back four years because I need to explain you guys this into details you know. I was surrounded by a lot of wealthy People I was surrounded by, you know people that made huge amounts of money, huge amounts of money. Um, the team are one of those. So, basically, what happens is, what happened was, at some point, you know, by me seeing how people, you know, not wealthy retailers getting wrecked, some even with their 500 bucks capital or $1,000 capitals or whatever. And I was seeing them how they, you know, they kept destroying them over and over again.

00:08:44
The reason why I came into social media, why I'm making this live stream, why I'm on the social media platforms is because of you guys. And I'm talking about, I know that most of you guys here are also wealthy, but let me tell you about the ones that are not wealthy. Because of the weak, you know, that's just, God made me like that. I always stand up for the weak. Because when I see that the strong demolish the weak, you know, the fire in me goes up. And, you know, that's why I came onto Twitter. By time, unfortunately, what you see is you've got these retailers in crypto and in financial markets, you know, that are trying to make a living with $500,000 bucks, $10,000 bucks, whatever.

00:09:32
But you've got also this other group, these gold diggers. What they do is these cockroaches, you know, that's why I call them cockroaches. They, you know, they come from maybe, you know, the whole capital is not even 50 bucks. Or maybe they're just too cheap to even spend like 10 bucks on whatever. and you have also this super super greedy people that are only only you know only it's like you know i want to make money now i need to log i need a signal i need this you know it's like drug you got these people also so what i did by time in those four years when i went in you know after a period of time i started focusing my way my style of educating and is is to not attract

00:10:18
these these hungry people you know this is you know they're like you know like like the like you know how do you say this in english you know they're like you know these guys are just you know these guys are lost for life you know there is no you cannot save these guys These guys, greed has eaten them alive. You know, if he will have like 1000 bucks today, he will go into some trade just to risk it. Maybe he'll win that day, but he will lose it the day after. These guys are gamblers. That's how I call them, you know, are gamblers. So while I was doing whatever it is that I'm doing, I tried to get, you know, I had to lose these, because these people are very bad.

00:11:03
For us, you know they distract me; they distract the retail firm; they instruct everyone, you know. Because these people, you can never teach those people to trade; it's impossible. These people, you know, you know, you know, you know. The big groups like you know, uh, crypto banter like Altcon Delio, like uh, like Alex Becker; these kind of you know, like this Martini guy; you know, there are a lot of them. Like call the moon, like 'mm' crypto; these this is the public for those people. They are you know. These accounts give them exactly what they need. And then you're surprised when they're wrecked a week after. Don't be surprised because the whole system is built from these big crypto accounts for those people. And unfortunately, most of the people are like that.

00:11:49
They follow these guys because they, you know why? They feed them the greed they need. Let me tell you this. If you're a salesman, if you're a very good salesman, if you want the easiest product to make money, sell greed to people. That's it. You know, what is the name of this guy? It was a Netflix series about him. This biggest, biggest policy scheme in the world. Off something with Hoff or something. You know, it was this Jewish guy. Uh, in America, that has scammed and had the biggest Ponzi scheme, he did the same; he was feeding people greed and he was feeding... guys don't be ashamed if you if you're a rule, but he was; he fooled the richest elites in the world, the richest elites all over the world; he fooled them with a Ponzi.

00:12:47
So what was it? Mud off, mud off or mad man off, man off? It was I think, yeah! If you didn't watch that series on Madoff, you should watch it. Because if you have been following me, listening to me, when you watch that series, there is a lot of stuff that will come into your mind. Oh, NW said that. Oh, NW explained that. Oh, NW said that, et cetera, et cetera. So let me get to the story. So by time, you know, I did everything for free the first three years; everything I did was for free. I never took a dime from anyone. But by time there were just too many cockroaches coming in and I couldn't handle them at some point. So, you know, I click them every time, but there are just too much.

00:13:35
So at some point I think, okay, I have to get, I have to lose this group of people because I cannot help them anyway. and that's when i started like doing you know if you want to if you want to if you want to join the fear that private you have to be trading a blow from b2x okay so that's step number one and then we after that happened the the live streams of youtube because also that was attracting a lot of these salty and bad cockroaches then i made this patreon i made this telegram okay whatever but still there's a small group small there is there is still a small group of stupid people and let me tell you

00:14:11
i'm blocking really every freaking one of those i just click i don't look back i just click blocked blocked blocked you know why i i really hate it when someone from my community uh is pointing out like something out of a context so what he does is he he he points out something what i said and then he forgets about the most important parties Am I shorting or am I longing this? Am I buying it or I'm not buying it? He's not telling you that. The only thing that he said is that they just put out one line out of a context. And they don't tell you the real story. But, you know, luckily for me, I never delete anything. Everything is recorded. So, this OM crap.

00:14:55
I was saying this OM crap is the strongest altcoin out there. And it was. You know, what do you want me to do? You want me to lie to you and tell you, oh, no. This is not the strongest altcoin, it was at that moment I'm giving you the facts at that moment you want me to lie to you no, just like I'm not gonna lie to you, something's gonna moon, I'm also not gonna lie to you if some this was the strongest altcoin out there, but is that the only thing, okay, is that the only let me put in more of them, let me put that, Is that the only fucking thing that I said? I chose OM into my 20 MW short fucking ETF.

00:15:49
I fucking chose OM out of like 10,000, 100,000 of coins. I chose OM for my short ETF. Why? Why would I do something like that? So, okay, so OM didn't, it was the only coin, by the way, in my whole short ETF, the only coin that was in red. But it also had to do with this Denmark partnership. But, you know, I also told you exactly, listen, guys, there is a reason why this, you know, OM was not on my short ETF because, you know, I just felt like putting it there. No. you know i'm no shiller i don't get paid for these kind of things i do i'm telling you it's i i even explained you guys into details why i think that that om will dump and dump hard at some point because i told you there were like 50 of the coins because i did i did research on this coin i told you they will research and there were like 50 of the coins you couldn't uh

00:17:00
you couldn't track them so i told you exactly in that in that vid they could dump those coins on the market anytime because they're nowhere to be found we don't know where they are and then i told you also even if mantra would say like you know no we gotta you know these coins are safe in the car i don't give a I just don't give a why are they there if you want if you really are honest, project you burn the out of them that's what you do so I told you by then that's not good so also I never ever ever buy coins that are at FOMO levels I just don't everyone knows this so this thing is on my short ETF this thing I explained you that this thing could dump anytime soon I told you that I never buy coins at tops and then you got these cockroaches coming in.

00:17:59
The strongest coin. It's not so strong. The fuck bro. Why are you pointing out something that I said. That was a fact. And then. But you're not showing the other facts. So you either just shut the fuck up or at least. The strongest coin told by Mr. MW has dumped after he explained us that this thing could dump anytime soon well it did dump He was fucking right again You don't have to say that I was fucking right but I was fucking right He was fucking right again and again and again And I'm telling you I forget about the times that I get it right again and again I just forget about them I forget that I explained to you guys this to be honest If it wasn't this trend guys if he didn't point it out when I said that I forget about it.

00:18:57
It's, you know, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's sometimes it's, you know, sometimes, you know, when you are, when you are, you know, I have to say this the best. How can I say this the best? Sometimes, you know, listen, what I educate or what I teach goes on very super high levels. And sometimes, you know, there are some people around me that tell me, 'Why are you spending time on these people?' Listen, there are some. Big groups, the team tells me this all the time. There are some big groups; really wealthy people go educate them because when they make a move, they at least make $100, 200, 500k million so you know these pay these people also pay you a lot of money for your knowledge and for your predictions.

00:19:40
The only thing that you have to do is just explain them how markets work and give them a little bit of a direction every time and you're talking about really millions of dollars. So go focus your time on those ones, why are you wasting time on eggs and on YouTube with these people that will they will you know, you can kneel like four or five years of addiction, you can save them a million times and then they will just spit on you the first chance they get. It is what it is, guys, and I'm not generalizing over here; I'm not saying that everyone does this because my retail firm are you know I love you guys and there are a lot of You guys, I trust you guys to death, and you've been with me for a long time, but unfortunately, these new cockroaches around us you know, now a lot of things I need to think about coming months really.

00:20:29
It's you know, you know, I've come to a point where I think to myself: 'What am I doing? What the am I doing? What the am I doing?' You know, what the f**k am I doing? That's what I, you know, a lot of times this comes into my mind. By the way, this is a big rug. So basically, what happened over here is that 50% gets dumped over here. And, you know, 50% is like a domino effect and then the rest will dump. This is really a huge dump rack. And, you know, I don't have access to my short ETF because the team, I don't know what they were doing. They were opening some new trades over there.

00:21:07
so i need to show you guys the pno i need to show but the pno was from over what was it five point five or six something around here i'll show you the pno but you know it's not about the pnl guys it's about the knowledge it's about the knowledge you know there was you know i was i was i was i was uh i was in a place and i saw a guy reading a book and then i went you know i stepped to him and i told him listen bro this this title likes me is this is it about trading he told me yes i thought well how is it working out

00:21:46
for you he told me well i read like seven books and this is my eighth well are you you know are you it was a book from a dutch guy i think yes some day trader he told me yeah this is a day trader well okay who is he so i did some research on the guy okay whatever and then you know so you're reading now his book okay so how are the how are these books helping you he told me they aren't so why are you reading them i like to read them it's like i'm like reading some love stories or roman or you know whatever okay you know i want to cry sometimes you really really really the tears want to come into my eyes i want to cry you know people are so stupid you know, I just don't get it, you know.

00:22:41
Maybe I'm an alien, maybe I'm just an alien in this world, you know. Maybe I'm an alien this one, maybe it could be, but you know it just you know. There was one guy, you know what he told me? I met him, uh, in a café and he was, uh, also also he was also reading Uh, Trading book, you know. Every time when I see someone reading a trading guy, step to him, and I talk to him; I just love it because I'm interested in, you know, what's going on in these minds? So this was like two months ago, and I asked him This was in what was that place called? It wasn't a very luxury hotel. In, in there, in the restaurant. I told him, 'Listen, bro then you know what he told me?

00:23:28
Well, no, and he told me actually uh, my, my teacher; he advised me to read this teacher, yes, he told me. I took uh, there was, I don't know who, I think he's American; he's here in Dubai, and he told me he's teaching me how to trade, so what do we trade? He told me, 'I trade a lot of indices and I trade a lot of commodities, oh great! So I told him, 'Not crypto.' He told me, 'No, I'm not trading that.' I told him, just out of curiosity. So how does it work? How is he helping you, this guy? Well, he told me it's very easy. So I bought the course. He told me for... what was it? $10,000 a year. And he'll get like, what was it?

00:24:10
I think two hours a week and he'll train him and help him. So I told him, how is it working for you so far? Well, I'm actually in a loss. How is that? Yeah, it's not because of him, because. he's really helping me and he's showing me really uh the good things about trading and everything but the markets are just uh you know globally going against us what the what you understand where i just want to start crying so this guy is paying someone ten thousand dollars a years and he is in a big loss and when you ask but how you will the markets are globally going against you what the are you paying that guy for

00:24:52
yeah well he's he's just teaching me uh how markets work and how they're simple i just you know i you know i just want i just want to cry i just want to cry you know it's it's just i want to cry you know i'm really really doing something wrong in this world you know i'm just doing something wrong you know but you know at the end of the road every freaking soul that i saved from getting wrecked and even if your portfolio is 100 or 500 as long as you're showing the respect and being humble and don't be a cockroach i love you and i will love you to death and you know and it's it's just it's just these momentums they come in and when they come in it just sucks so om um If you are wrecked on ROM, you deserve it.

00:25:52
So let me this so listen to me good: what I'm saying now, listen! If you are wrecked on om, you deserve to be wrecked. I hope you'll get wrecked even more because why? Because you're a cockroach that's why. So uh, that's basically the end of it. So okay, it's just, it's just what it is. So um, yeah, that's about om. So congrats if you're wrecked on om, I hope you'll get wrecked even more. I hope it will dump down to minus one or something like that because why? Because you deserve it! It is why do you deserve it? Because you don't fucking listen that's why. Because you know, because the greed, because you Know, you needed that shot, you know that that hearing so. You needed to get high, you know.

00:26:53
That's why you're wrecked now. Because if you would stay calm, you would listen so when I say sentence don't catch only the first step of the sentence and Listen to the whole sentence and then oh, yeah. Oh, oh and W. Yes. Oh, it's only short ETF. Yes Oh, okay. There must be a reason for that, oh uh, the wheels will probably dump it. Oh yeah, yeah, the tokenomics are a mess so 50 of the coins are not to be tracked. Oh yeah, yeah, they could dump it every moment and I could get wrecked, yeah, yeah. Okay, what does that mean? MW is shorting this coin; MW is saying that the tokenomics are good; MW is saying that the team is holding a lot of course that I could dump anytime soon and MW said okay, but it's for now showing us okay.

00:27:37
What does that mean? Okay, it means that whatever it is I'm doing in my life, I either gotta show this this coin or I'm gonna stay out of it. So that's that's what you should have done; but if you did the opposite, you deserve this. So congrats to you and you know congrats to you, but you know I feel for a lot of people that are not following me that were like going in and you know that don't understand markets or that wanted to counter trade me on my short ETF. Well, I feel for you guys. you know it is what it is it's just another day in crypto this is just another this

00:28:12
is normal for me you know a lot of people they will probably think you know this is normal guy this goes this could happen to any coin and that's why i show you only the coins where i think that there is really really a minimum risk of this happening so if you are going gonna see let me show so if you're gonna see in a couple of weeks or whatever if you if you're gonna see this one at the bottom over here don't be surprised because this is she this one this is just something it's it's not as bad as as as as om but this thing it's the same story so don't tell Me that I didn't warn you,

00:29:11
This is the same story. You know, I think that the only reason why this thing is holding is because a lot of retailers are opening shorts now. You know, if I would choose to be silent about this openly, I know that we would be already around 120, 140. The only reason why this thing is still here is because retailers are shorting it. That's the only reason. That's all. That's it. That's why it's there. You have to understand the game to make the game, if you don't understand the game, you will never make the game and I told you I'm gonna do the beginner's club and it will not be for free because there won't be one single cockroach or one nasty cheap greedy retailer will join that group, not one.

00:30:06
This will be paid, so if you want to join that, you have to pay for it, that's when I know that you're interested and that you're serious about trading and not some cockroach that is uh looking oh well you know what, NW is going to give me a training course, beginners and I'm going to get rich tomorrow because I'm going along a lot of stuff that he's going to tell me about that, not going to happen so and the elite trading group it's coming, the elite trading group it's coming, so uh basically, so this thing uh again, the only reason why this. Thing is holding is because a lot of retailers are shorting this and you know when they flush out the shorts when the balance is there, this thing will dump like a rock, and if retailers get even more greedy, they start shorting it even more; we might hit the red zone over here, but it doesn't change the end because the ending will be that this thing will dump like a rock.

00:31:09
So, if by any means this thing dumps-uh, pumps to the red zone, you have to understand that the only reason why it will pump there is because the shorts have to read; are you understanding this? Because I'm saying it now: you cannot read this freaking you; you cannot read. This is in a book, wait a minute,

00:31:40
you cannot read this in a book, you cannot, you can't read this in a book, what I'm showing you, what I'm telling you. But that's the only reason so when you know, when the people you know, when I told you about the marathon we wait, we wait, we wait, when they get exhausted, we jump in and we go just step by step, we are patient, we're not greedy, we don't care, we we have our system, we know how to trade this, we know how to how to protect ourselves, we know how to add to the position, we're just waiting for it, step by step, and then at the right time, we're gonna cash out, that's how we do it, that's how professionals do it, they don't. care even if this thing would go to three bucks they don't care

00:32:35
this elite group will be intensive trading courses okay um by the way for the these these elite trading courses will be also shared for everyone anyone trading on b2x or bluffing by the way so it's not that it's no paid group or whatever you know so it's just for me uh to finalize my work Okay, so let me go to the markets guys so the market market so I made a tweet at all I'm waiting for the last push and this is the last pushes over here and the most the most bullish case it's over here But you know, I'm not waiting for this one. I'm just gonna show you what do we got now? You know this circus globally with Trump and China, whatever.

00:33:18
No, let me let me explain you guys a little bit about that. So this Trump says, you know, the good news came out. And then, oh, well, no, I'm not sure if I'm going to talk. You know, it's just one big circus, you know. And my advice to you is don't follow what he's saying, because it will distract you from what's really going on. You just watch the charts, just like I did, you know, like I did over here. You see, I'm going to repeat myself. I predicted this top and I predicted this bottom into perfection. And this is about the most important. chart in the world worldwide so you got one sick from the netherlands living in dubai predicting this this machine into perfection maybe by time you guys will think oh well okay well whatever i'm double no this is you know this is mind-blowing then maybe 0 .

00:34:09
0000 . 1 of the world can do this so you know i wasn't listening to trump with his territory for rov i don't give a And that's why I'm also not going to give a fuck about what will happen over here. So yes, we had the bounce and I'm preparing for the retrace now. We had the bounce and I'm preparing for the retrace. So if they're going to push this thing up, if this is so at the highest level over here, if this thing going to push, I'm going to focus on shorts again. I'm going to take profits from my lungs. And now let me go through another story because something I'm also fucking getting so fucking annoyed by it is this fucking retailers. That follow me. MW, wait a minute.

00:34:55
You told us you were buying and now you're telling that you're going to show it. What are you doing, MW? What the fuck, bro? What the fuck are you talking about? You know how stupid people are. You know, I'm getting so annoyed of this. Oh, fucking, you know, I keep blocking, you know, I'm blocking people like crazy, you know, every time. So, you know. Let me explain to you, maybe these people are here in the live streams, I hope that you guys are here because now I'm going to explain to you why you're so stupid. So, these people what they do is this: over here, I start buying. Okay, I start buying. Okay, I started buying. Great, okay. So while I started buying, I'm making money.

00:35:42
So, these people-oh my, there was even one fucking cockroach. He made me so angry. You know, I'm going to block my DMs at some point. I think I have to block my DMs at some point. You know, first thing what I'm going to do is that only people that are checkmarked can DM me. That's the first thing. So if you want to DM, DM GTC Insider. Don't DM me. So the first thing, I'm going to do this today, by the way. Only people with checkmarks can DM me. So it's going to start there. And if it still goes on, then I'm going to block just everything. You know, I don't need any fucking DM anymore. If you want to DM, just DM the business account. Because you got these fucking people.

00:36:20
I make these fucking live streams almost on a daily basis. I'm explaining to you guys, just like I'm explaining to some little child. I'm explaining to you fucking guys, I'm buying over here. Okay, so you're buying over here. This fucking cockroach, he's DMing me. Listen, MW, you got me into buying because of you, I bought what? The bro I made you buy did I come at your home and did I push the buy level you cockroach? You bought in that's your own choice. I just showed you, I am buying. I didn't tell you to buy; I bought, I'm only sharing what I'm doing. I will never ever tell you what you have to do. If you want to throw yourself from a mountain, throw yourself on a mountain. I don't give a damn.

00:37:08
I'm only showing you what I'm doing. I'm buying over here. So, what you want to do is your own choice. You do whatever this you want to do in your life. You want to buy? You want to sell? You want to do nothing? You want to go off the markets? I don't give a what you're going to do. So, I'm showing you over here what I'm doing. This cockroach, he DM'd me. You made me buy over there. And now I am in like 50, 60, 70% gains. So, he's in game, this motherfucking cockroach. So, and now you're telling us that you're going to short and you're going to take profits. Why? Why are you doing this to us? What the fuck, bro? What the fuck? Wait a minute. Wait.

00:38:00
You know, these fucking people are crazy, you know? You know? So, basically what these people want, they want me because he's engaged and he wants to make more games. He's DMing me, wasting my fucking time to tell me why am I taking fucking profits. So, you know what? You know what? We're probably going to dump over here, but, you know, because of you. I'm not going to take profits and I'm going to get wrecked together with you. So we're going to get wrecked hand in hand. I'm going to give you a hug and we're going to burn and die together. So that's what he wants. Fucking cockroach. You know, it's, it's, it's really, it's, it's really, it's really, it's really, no, no, it's not about let them go. Crypto fury.

00:38:46
It's not about that, bro. Do you think that he's, he's, he's touching me? I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. But it's, I just click, I just block them. But it's interesting to me to see these people, how they are. These people are so sick. You know, they're all psychos. These guys are psychos. And, you know, it's also a confirmation to me that these guys will get wrecked, totally wrecked. This is why I said this a lot of times. Accounts like Martini Guy, call the Moon Emerald Crypt, etc etc., why they are so successful because of these people, these people make them successful because they feed them what they want, so guys, so first of all, so if this thing reaches these levels over here today or you know I'm gonna start preparing for some shorts and you know the shorts that I'm preparing are the ones that are at FOMO levels not the ones at bottoms, you feeling me?

00:39:45
The FOMO coins I will focus on the FOMO coins and you know that's when you guys gotta make the big bucks again so I see that my money is decreasing here so I you know I need to make some money back because of these cockroaches, I've been cursing but it's it's going over to charity, it's going to, so it's going, it's for a good cause, thank you cockroaches, thank you, that you know the poor children in the world and the hungry children are thanking you cockroaches for killing the bulls of MW. They're killing you. So guys, I'm preparing over here. I'm expecting a retracement. I need one more push up. I want one more push up. I want one more push up. I want one more push up.

00:40:33
And then this box is where I'm going to start preparing for. I'm going to take profits, by the way. A lot of profits, I think. i think 70 80 of my uh spotbacks and also for my loans i will take profits over here also from the long ETF by the way i'm gonna take uh like 70 80 out over here and let's see if this thing if they can push it up you know it's gonna be very difficult but you know it might be if the right momentum hits in we might get high but for me this is the level that i'm eyeing so it's very simple guys this is the level this level over here this is what i'm now eyeing for a big rejection

00:41:08
especially with the dxy at these levels guys especially with the dxy at these levels so you know uh this is what i'm this is what i'm expecting now and you know let me also tell well the bounce up you know was a little bit a little bit uh the bounce up was a little bit uh weaker than expected but that was because the trump news about china i will not contact channel china China is just saying, like, you know, fuck you, Trump, and fuck the USA. We exist 5 ,000 years before you, and we will exist 5 ,000. You know, they're right. They're right, you know. You know, I think Trump is really, really pushing too much on you.

00:41:54
and you know um you got these weak countries like europe like uh you know like like like canada like like like like australia like japan you know now all japan japan is another story but you know uh you've got these weak countries that you know trump please please you know oh please we're gonna fly over please don't with the bricks bro don't with with russia don't with china they don't give a about you you know you can print money all you want you might have the usd they don't give a about you you know they are these guys are prepared for anything you know so don't push it bro the no the don't push it don't push it and by the way very important also why i'm you know let me give you guys also an explanation why i'm expecting a rejection over here because it's very simple so uh we have this trading

00:42:49
terrorist wars they have been going on for a small period of time and some are still running etc but you have to keep in mind that you know this ain't good for inflation so what do you think with what are you expecting from the inflation numbers cpr numbers because what i think is you know you know the bomb exploded on the terror force but we didn't see the damage yet the damage could come after Because we also got these earnings coming up from a lot of companies and then you can tell me, yeah, well, Mw it's calculated in where is it calculated in because we're just 10 from all-time high, this was an all-time high and we're just 10 away from it, so okay, we came down 10 from the markets, okay?

00:43:33
Is that is that you know, is that a correction? Should we just make another all-time high from here? I don't think so. I think that a lot of numbers will come out coming weeks months that will not favor the markets. And also, you know, the biggest concern that I have, let me tell you what my biggest concern is. When I read in the news, retailers bought in most stocks in a decade. It's like someone shot me in the heart, you know. And then you see me just fall down. What? Retailers bought most amount of stocks last week. Look where we are. So, you guys know already, I don't have to explain, but you know globally, the world, so the world, the world. They just bought in super heavy-10 for ultimate or maybe even 15 if they were lucky.

00:44:31
Let me tell you this: guy, so I'm gonna repeat myself. Let me tell you this, this, you see, this one on October 22 when this rise; you know, do you know how much this is? By the way, this is 76 percent. Listen, guys, you see over here, this rise up retailers were not in it; you know why? Because the media was telling us that wars, inflation, stagflation, whatever rate highs-you know, everything in the world was a mess. So, everything was; you need to be scared. You need to be afraid. Everything is going to zero. You need to hide. You need to go into a bunker. You need to go and stock some groceries at home because, you know, maybe you're not going to see the daylight the coming 10 years.

00:45:25
That's the narrative over here. I think that most of you guys forgot about this. I didn't. I didn't. You guys probably forgot about this. I didn't forget about it. That's what they were telling you over here. Look at this. are you seeing this there wasn't even a big retrace it was just okay whatever so to get back to the story now over here is where retailers are buying so The same retailers that didn't buy in over here, that were afraid, they were hiding in the bunkers, you know? So the retailers that were hiding in the bunkers, where was it? 2022, where are you? Over here? Yeah, 40, okay. So the ones that are hiding in the bunkers over here, they came out of their bunkers and now they, you know, you know, you know, now it's time to buy.

00:46:32
So they start buying over here. The US market is dumped, you know? Kobe, she letter and all those news CNN Bloomberg etc. Oh, 10 trillion dollars have been wiped out, the markets so we're gonna dump okay, okay let's buy let's buy let's buy let's buy these guys are gonna you know let's just pray that I'll get it wrong for one time for the for the human race let's just pray that I'll get it wrong for one time but for now guys so I'm preparing I'm pushing, pushing this one I'm preparing for this uh how is Layer doing? Layer just like explained by the way guys Layer is just holding because listen the only reason why you're seeing this is because the shorts are open that's it guys there's you know this thing uh you know at some point I just forget.

00:47:27
About it until you see news, oh layer dumped with 80, you know the only reason why this thing is holding and you know it comes down a little bit; they need to rebalance, they call this, they call this, rebalancing, so they rebalance their accounts, and by accounts I mean the exchanges; they rebalance their their accounts and they need to rebalance, that's when you see those moves up just like over here, here but you also can see that, you know I made this box over here and and share it openly, and since I shared it openly there is not one one hour candle that that managed to close above it for now, so these these shorts are all printing and So, let's just see what's gonna happen next, but you know they're just, they're just, you know they're holding this coin.

00:48:17
It's it's it's just it's just it's just easy peasy. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, guys, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. So um, a Bitcoin? Let's bitcoin. Same story just like the US markets. This is just you know we had one, two, three. So if this thing comes back to these levels already nothing changed. This is where I start preparing the shorts and closing the logs, so I don't care if this thing goes up even to this box. I don't care; I'm focusing on shorts. You guys have to you guys have to you know. I've got a track record. When I say focus on longs, you guys have all seen what happens. When I say focus on shorts, oh my God, you guys have been seeing for like years what happens.

00:49:06
So that's just what I do. I choose my moments. Okay, over here I'm going to focus on longs. Over here I'm going to focus on shorts. It's that easy. That's it. And then you're going to see the P & L's. it's just so i'm gonna focus if we're gonna we gotta push up with the financial markets if we're gonna get into this zone i'm gonna you know i'm gonna prepare my shorts i'm gonna take profits it was a nice ride from here guys remember when i was yelling and then this is this is a special for the cockroaches you remember when i was shouting in my live stream bye bye bye you remember you freaking fucking cockroach that you are bye bye

00:49:54
you see what happened after it oh oh these guys do this because these cockroaches i don't know why they join me just get the out of my world you know don't follow call the moon or my mom crypto they will give you what you need just get the out of here bro get the out of my my live streams and on my twitter get the out of here i don't need you so um Let's see, let's see, let's see. So that's about that. So where do I got more? Where do I got more? Where do I got more today? So, oh yeah, the DXY, DXY, DXY, back to DXY. Guys, you cannot imagine how important this is. This is so fucking important.

00:50:36
This is so fucking, you know, it's not showing any power over here, but you know, it's holding the line for now. You cannot imagine how important this is because now we're going for the double. You see this? So this was the dump. Now we're going for the double, you cannot imagine how important this is. This line is is it gonna hold is it gonna you know are we going to get the double boom and then up from here? Um, keep this in mind, you see this I explained this to you guys already, please tell me that you understand this so you got you know the dump-up confirmation of support and then we go up. Please tell me that you did. Please tell me that you guys understand this.

00:51:16
By please, please tell me that you understand. What is this 10, 000 to the box till now I don't understand only what you mean by that. I'm sorry, bro. Good morning, fam. Good morning. I missed the tea conversation, but I can put my vote for nice turkey. I love Turkish tea. I drink a lot of Turkish tea. My dad makes the best one, so come on. I, I you know I, I drink a lot, you know, bro. I love Turkish food also, so you know. I, I'm you know. You can find me in any any Turkish restaurant out there. It's just what it. is i love turkish food i just love it i love your breakfast i love everything you know i mean i love turkish Oh, the charity? I don't know.

00:52:06
I didn't count it. I know, but it's a lot of them. It's a lot of them. Let me, it's all part of the plan. I don't know what plan you're, you'll need a bigger job. I don't know guys, but it's getting filled. What is it? He's fucked up in his emotions. I don't know who you're talking about. He's fucked up in his emotions. Okay. The whole stage and they all pay actors, yeah it's just what it is, uh whatever. I got mind blown, get me some of that tea! What tea? What is mind blowing you guys are speaking in coach today? I really don't get it, I don't get the what you're talking about. Some movies are not for kids, so same with your trading videos.

00:52:54
You should definitely continue making those sewing videos, riff pop always in the house, riff up! This this guy by the way, guys has been with me for a very long time, this is this guy is really uh 200 you know? I'll just put the whole package that I brought with me in the button jar, guys uh argo. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go let me give a look at argo, let me give a look at argo, let me let me let me check argo. Let me check. You know, I really have no clue what these people are sick. You know, sometimes, you know, I ask myself, why am I even giving these people a stage or talking about them? But you know why I talk about them?

00:53:42
Because I want to make them as an example for the futuristic ones to not make the same mistake. Because, you know, so if you think that you can just come in and do your sick stuff. That simple, I'm gonna block you, I'm gonna block you, bro, so just just that you know it, so if you're, you know, if you feel wrecked if you got a wrecked or whatever it is, the greed took over. Just don't come waste my time, but I'm, you know, the first thing I'm gonna do is only people checked, people with check marks, they will be the only ones that can DM me, that's the first thing I'm gonna do. So

00:54:23
Argo is Argo, this thing uh this thing this isn't uh this is by the way fundamentally strong altcoin by the way, uh so I already said this yesterday, this is fundamentally a strong altcoin and you know I missed this bump to be honest, I didn't buy any Argo, so you know, I cannot buy them all, I cannot own them all, so it's just what it is um yeah, what let me see what is my opinion about this one now let me give you guys my opinion um, you know what a nasty job a lot of dumps also on this coin they love to dump this coin, you know, I know, you know, I think that I saw this coin this Coin getting shield by a lot of shilling people, but do you know how I'm seeing this chart?

00:55:24
I'm seeing this chart just like a it's like I'm looking at at the VIX. You know, spend a lot of time over here and not a lot of time at the top so it gets dumped. You know, this chart reminds me by the way of uh, like bake, like bake. Also, like this, when they pump, they pump it hard, and then when they dump it, just look at this boom, boom, boom! Some greedy people are over there at Argo, so these guys are really greedy. They you know, they you know, they just go up and then yeah, just dump it down like here, like here. So um, yeah, it's a good one, uh, yeah, this. You know, this might be one of those coins to short, uh, the fundamentals look it wouldn't be my first choice to short this coin to be honest.

00:56:20
It is my first choice, but how much did it, how much did it, did it bump? Oh, that's a lot, six-six, so many, okay, okay, yeah. This I think that this could be one of those uh shorts that you can take because of the pump not because of the tokenomics or whatever. So this coin is looking pretty solid, um, and I think if it comes towards the 37, yeah, you can start opening shorts using the indicator, you can make some money on this coin, I think, yeah, I really think that you can make some money on this coin, um. Okay, I'm going to do one more for more lead elk. You want me to do elk what's going on with elk over here

00:57:11
also same story oh nice but you know these coins, you know I love you know I'm gonna be super honest with you guys, you know when coins like alt pump you know coins like you know like like this uh that we argue pump you know these are coins where the tokenomics are just healthy and you know uh they're most of the times also solid projects or projects that try to change blockchain technology whatever work or whatever so you know when I see those pumps I really get, not like a layer. So I love these pumps because these pumps is the only hope that we still get in crypto that fundamentally coins are still gaining some momentum going up. So real people that want to build will be companies.

00:57:57
But at the end of the race, it's all about money. It's all about money. So they can dump it. If Tesla can dump, everything can dump. That's what I always say to those moon believers that believe that everything will go, a coin can never go down or whatever. I always give them this example. If Tesla can dump with 60%, 70%, 80%, why would your altcoin not dump with 70%, 80%? Just give me that explanation. Is your crypto project better than Tesla? I think you'll probably find enough chasers that will make you believe that. You know, that's how sick, that's how sick, you know, crypto space is, you know, and people that follow all these shillers and follow all these big crypto accounts.

00:58:49
They can make you believe in a project more than that you would believe your wife, your son, your father, your mother. That's how deep they go, you know. And, you know, the only reason why they can get to that level is because of the greed. Because that you know they sell it as greed and when they sell it as greed then you, you believe every if they will tell you okay well you have to become you know are you are you homosexual or heterosexual i i'm homosexual okay you have to become heterosexual tomorrow and then this call will go up you you you'll just yeah what are you do you believe in god no i don't you have to believe in you just do it this is the greed part you know this greedy part makes you do things that you would never do.

00:59:33
And, you know, everything that is logically in your mind, everything that you're proud, your dignity, everything in your body that makes you the person that you are, greed can change that. That's how dangerous greed is. Suppose that, you know, a lot of people that know me, suppose that I would start selling greed. I think a lot of people, they know me, they know who I am, they know what I do. But if I would sell greed, I would be the most successful influencer in the world. Because why? Because I deliver. If I would sell greed, I also deliver at the same time. So if I tell you, okay, you can be greedy, short this, I'll show you how to short it.

01:00:13
I'll show you exactly what levels you have to go in, out, and I'll show you, and I'm going to deliver. So I'm going to feed you the greed, but I'm going to deliver it also. I'll be the number one influencer, shiller, uh, selling reading the world, uh, you know, I know, I know, I know, I know for one million percent that's gonna happen, I just know it. But people are weak, people are weak, so, when you see that you're falling for some kind of crap or getting wrecked at the end of the story, it's always greed. Do you remember what I tweeted about yesterday when I was telling you on Twitter? I told you: listen about that book writing a book, etc. So um, what was it? What did I tweet something with greed?

01:00:57
But you know, greed is also it's always about greed. You know, I'm greed's biggest enemy in the world. That's why I keep naming my predictions. I love you. Have a nice one. Thanks, all for watching until the next one, guys! The end conclusion for today is: Let's see if we're gonna get a little bit of push-up. I'm preparing for the shorts I showed you the levels and I'm shorting it; and you know, if there is something, I'll update you on Twitter. I love you all for the ones that have been DM'ing their UIDs trading on Blofin and Butanex. We will check them in the coming days, and you'll be added and getting access to the leverage trading course vids. Have a nice one. Thank you for watching, and bye-bye.