*** Live Stream 04-20-2025 Koreans are pumping coins again! MW was right again !! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, familia, GDC, Game Trading Crypto, MW. Welcome, we do fam. Happy Easter to everyone. Happy Easter to everyone, the ones that are celebrating Easter. If you're finding some eggs or finding some trades or finding some money, I don't know what you're doing. Whatever it is you're doing, welcome back. MW is here. So you're going to get the happy Easter live stream bonus. I think that, you know, basically every leverage trading course is important, but, you know. For the people who don't own a lot of time to keep trading, I think this will probably be the most important trading course for them. You know, the ones that, you know, they own enough funds and, you know, bro, I'm doing a full-time job or I've got, you know, maybe a doc, maybe or whatever it is, or a lawyer or whatever.

00:00:50
So I've got people relying on me. So I cannot be on those charts just like I want to. But, you know. We've got MW, the best trader on the webs, and he's going to show us how we're going to make that money the easy way without having to be on those charts again and again and again. And we also will cash out. And then you've got some people, yeah, well, you know, you've got a lot of those crypto bots that we're going to use. Well, good luck with that. If you're going to get wrecked, just come back to me. I know that you're going to come back to me because you're going to get wrecked either way. Because that's how it works with those crypto bots. Crypto bots are just like TA.

00:01:26
When it works, it's fine. Until it doesn't, and then you're wrecked. And then you'll start seeing your portfolio going down. And to be honest, you know, I'm a little bit old school. I don't rely on crypto bots. I think that crypto bots are super dangerous. All of my partners, they're always telling me, MW, listen, Blofin, we have crypto bots. We have this, OKEx, we've got crypto bots. Everyone's got crypto bots. Why don't you promote them? It's very simple, I don't believe in them; uh, I believe it's something that works if it doesn't work, it's risky and it won't work. So happy Easter! I hope that you guys found a lot of egg trades; I hope that you found a lot of egg p/l's; so a lot of bunnies! I hope that you'll have a great time with your family today make your little ones very happy, so let the music run and we're gonna talk about how the Koreans are pumping not the music one.

00:02:44
Just imagine hitting those eggs. Let the music run, please. Hitting those eggs with the little ones and then put on this music and then you tell them, listen, you got time until the music ends. This music is great for children looking for eggs.

00:03:25
ah look at this beautiful testing testing what do i got over here ah

00:03:45
Yes, yes, that's why, that's why, that's why, that's why.

00:03:53
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Let the music run, please. So what do we got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? What do I got? We got This Is Bar. We got Matija. We got Alcon Janus. We got Pedro Kirk. We got Zubark, Luca, Matija. Wait up. We got Sniggy. We got Peter. We got Dev, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena,

00:04:25
we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena, we got Elena We got Elena, we got Elena, Escaping Seal, we got Rose. We got Brian Jacobs. Jawar Mazhar. Jawar. I'm Jawar Mazhar. Yes. What do you do for a living? Jawar. I make money trading.

00:04:56
Okay. Margarita Lopez. Oh, what a name. Margarita Lopez. I'm Margarita Lopez. Margarita Lopez. ZG Rose. EFR. We got Walid. Hello, bro. We got the doc is in the house from Berlin. Oh. Oh, the doc escaped the desert. He's in the cold now. What do we got? We got get action. Anthony Albertas. Welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. So welcome Salswaar for joining us today on this Easter. So thank you so much. Thank you for the music. And well, Salswaar is with us today. So thank you for joining in. Salswaar is getting a real read of a member. She's doing some great stuff together with a lot of other people that are also doing great stuff. So we're going to talk a little bit about the pumpies, the dumpies.

00:05:56
We're going to talk about the leverage trading course. Altibiman and Janus, finally, you guys have got your free pass. So you can be yourselves again. So the Chase Trading vid is out. So happy for you guys. I hope that you'll learn something from it. So, yeah, so we're going to jump in. So what do we got today? So first of all, guys, this trading course, which you really watch it a thousand times, a million times. I don't care until you get it, until you understand it. We're also going to talk a little bit about what's creating these dumps and these pumps today. It's pumpy-dumpy. It's really pumpy-dumpy today. It's pumpy-dumpy. And what we're seeing today, it's not only the Koreans. I think that CZ was like, this is how it works.

00:06:49
CZ is like, I'm the big man in crypto. I am the only one that pumps coins. I'm the only one that dumps them after. All these Koreans getting all these credits, you know, it's you know we gotta stop that. I'm gonna pump coins also, so the first one that I'm gonna bump is my own Dark on Broccoli, yes, yes, yes, that's what we're gonna do. So you know, all the attention, everything is going to Koreans, I don't want that. So by the way guys, these pumps that you're seeing on those on those on those altcoins, it's very simple-it's just Bitcoin getting flipped into them. This is something that I've been explaining you past weeks at some point. They gotta flip that Bitcoin into you know low cap coins and then you'll see those pumps up 100, 200, 150 out of nothing.

00:07:45
The only thing that they are doing is they're flipping their Bitcoin-it's not like it's new money what you're seeing on the Koreans, Koreans that's Just real money money getting flipped into altcoins, they just pumped them up. Um, what's happening on Binance is, in my opinion, I could be wrong, could be wrong in my opinion. It's just Bitcoin getting flipped and that's what we're seeing also over here. So we reach this top like this double top, uh, we didn't reach it, uh, good over here but you know what? You're seeing is this is creating the run on on those altcoins and you see that only this tiny, tiny drop that you're seeing over here. A lot of altcoins are making, are doubling up, tripling up. It's it's madness, you know.

00:08:31
We gotta talk about all those coins in in a moment but you know? It's madness! Those pumps that you see up it's you know this is nothing, this is really nothing, this is this is look where we are if you think that you're you know if you're lucky or in one of those coins if you think that they pumped this is nothing, look where we are when we zoom out. Let me put it on a weekly. Look where we are. Look where we are, guys. Look where we are. We started over here. This is where we are. This tiny, tiny, tiny move that you're seeing, it's still in green on the weekly. This creates a lot of, you know, rub up, rub up, you know, double, triple.

00:09:13
The only thing that you have to do is take profits and, you know, also short the crap out of it at the same time. You know, before starting streaming. I was discussing with Salsa and she was also eyeing some coins, you know, while you know just in like five minutes ten minutes while we're just chatting, uh, those pnls get created, you know, boom! Oh that quote, oh whatever, boom! Short it, okay? What, oh sure, yes, oh okay, and that point, yeah, you know, along that one, okay. Well, and that one, shorty, you make that money, you know, those pnls I share them on Twitter, uh, you know. It's just what I do for a living. That's what I do. I just feel, okay, that one, short it. That one, long it.

00:09:56
That one, just do that. And then those peanuts, especially when the volatility is very high, it's just those peanuts of 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%. It's just nothing. It's like cookies. It's bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I create them. I can make them in five minutes. And then you have to ask yourself, when I tell you 50x. In three months, oh on W250x that's that's a little bit but I get you because why your norm your norm of of trading and investing is based on what you have known on Twitter and on YouTube. Listen guys, buy this coin, it's gonna make a 50x and after 50x it's a crazy 100x that's how you think in your minds and all those coins that you bought

00:10:48
they wrecked you with 90, 95 so this is when I say 50x it's not the same like they are saying it because this is also something I was discussing today um why are the big accounts not talking about the Koreans like I've been doing the past two weeks because Koreans have been doing great they're you know they're pumping coins from buttons and you know I was asking like why Why? Salsa, do you have any idea why? They have no access to your live streams anymore. They would need to pay for it. They would pay for it. It's cockroaches and they are in here. But that's not the reason. That's not the reason. Why? Because this is a very important question. Why?

00:11:47
Why are they, you know, I've been talking about these Koreans now for like, what is it, one week, two weeks? I don't know. But why are they not talking? Let me tell you why. I know exactly why. You have to see it like this. If you would, if you would, if you would just, you know, forget about me. Now, you suck. You are bad for us. You're the worst, worst person. You're very salty and you swear a lot. And we hate you. Okay, no problem. You hate me. Hate me. No problem. If you would just, just, just go to the facts, because at the end of the road, it's all about the facts. You know, first of all, I never remove a tweet, but let's go to the facts.

00:12:32
If you would go to all the famous influencers, you would check when they start shilling your coffee. It's 99% of the times it's not at the bottom. So, for example, let me give you, let me give you, let me give you, let me give you just some, let me give you, let me give you this one. Let me give you Anna. Where is Anna? It was over here, no? Yeah. Let me give you Anna, for example. Look at Anna. Look at Anna. They were shilling Anna over here. Over here. Why are they not shilling Anna over here? Koreans, I'm not saying they're buying Anna, they're buying other altcoins, but they're buying them at bottom formation. Why? Because that's why I'm telling you, I love Koreans. Because Koreans are pumping coins.

00:13:34
And what does it mean? They're pumping coins because they want to make money trading just like I do. They're not pumping coins because they are getting. Paid to pump them or to shield them, because they either way, they don't shield; they just pump coins. But if you would just go to the facts, so forget about me; I'm the worst person that you've known in your life. If you would just go to all these big accounts when a price goes like this, you know, and let me draw it so. When you got, for example, you got, when it's you know this is the bottom, it's going like this. They will not shill it over here, and then it goes just like this; this is when they start shilling it, and maybe it will even do like this.

00:14:22
They will start shilling it even more. This is what happens after it, why don't they shill it over here? Why, because this is how it works, and I've explained this before. So I'm gonna repeat myself on this Easter day. There's maybe some of your kids that are willing to be successful in their lives and whatever it is they're doing. But they will also be successful in trading and making money. Maybe they'll hear it while they're searching for the eggs what we're speaking if I would be the owner of Anna, I would buy in heavy over here. And while I'm buying in heavy, the price will go up. And this is when I start hiring those people. And this is when I start hiring those people. Because why?

00:15:11
Because for me to sell this huge bag that I bought in over here, I need people over here to place those damn buy orders. Because I cannot dump my bag if there is no liquidity over here. This is why. This is why. This is the why. So when you go onto Twitter and you see all those For example, Anna is an easy peasy 20x, Anna is an easy peasy 30x, 100x. You got those lists, you know? These are my thoughts. You know these posts. You've all seen them. These are the worst posts, in my opinion, in crypto ever. But you see those posts like, oh, I'm going to give you my top 10 coins that will make you a lot of money. And then they start. So Anna is in the box of 40x.

00:16:04
JLMAR is the box of 100x. Uh, strikes are in the box or 50x, that this will be an easy one, all know you have seen them all, that's what they do, but they will never do why don't they do this now at bottoms, why they always do it over here, just like you know that guy, what was it as Crypto Tony or whatever his name was, uh, you know Tia is gonna give me so much money, whatever at the exact top, like not coin, not going trending coin number one, everyone not going is going to the moon at the exact top and every freaking time those coins dump down with 90 so you ask yourself why am I wrecked as a retailing crypto?

00:16:47
Crypto was supposed to make me financially independent, and if I would believe all these people how they're talking and following in, I should be rich trading crypto, buying crypto, investing crypto, but the reality is that more than 90% of it's crypto bags. How is that possible? I'm explaining you and showing you exactly how that's possible. These are the facts. This is it. This is how they do it. And they will keep repeating it over and over because they have been doing this for three, four cycles now. They get rich, you get poor or wrecked, whatever you want to say. It's very important how these things every time keep playing out. And so now this is the answer why they're not talking about Koreans. You know why they don't talk about Koreans?

00:17:36
They don't give a damn about you. Making money with these Koreans, pumping coins up with 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 Xs. They are not making any money on it. So when they're not making any money on it, they will not tell you about it. They need to get paid. You pay me, I tell them. You don't pay me, another. Let me give you another example. Polkadot. Polkadot was one of my really favorite, super bullish Polkadot. At the bottom. At three bucks, four bucks, five bucks. And then Polkadot decided to use a big amount of money to pay a certain person to seal it. That's when I lost confidence in Polkadot. And this is also very important for you guys to understand, is that you already know this, all of you.

00:18:36
I never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever got to take a dime from whatever project. I don't give a crap. So when I tell you about some altcoin, it's because I'm interested in it based on a lot of knowledge and skills. I'm not getting paid for it. So maybe while I'm buying the bottom, just like we did on SPX, on Giga, like we did on Kodi, like we did on a lot when the markets made that correction I was buying. Those coins that I'm buying, just suppose, because the Koreans weren't pumping at that time, but just suppose that we bought in a bottom formation accumulation we buy in. And then I know that, you know, if the Koreans will keep doing whatever it is that they're doing.

00:19:23
On the next correction, on the next dump, we got to buy in again. And then there's a chance that like 30, 40% of our bags that we bought in at bottoms will get pumped up with 3, 4, 5X only by the Koreans. And I haven't even started talking about, I haven't even started talking about when this will happen. Because when this will happen, that's what we're seeing today. And we're going to talk about it in a moment. If this thing starts dumping down, and you know, and you know, CZ will start saying like, you know what? OK, you know, I'm going to join the party. You know, I'm just going to join the party. I don't care. I want to join the party. So then you're going to see things like this.

00:20:07
Because this, you know, this pumps, this is what I've seen, by the way, guys, this is this is a 5x. This is almost a 10x. I've seen this. This is almost a 10x. This is almost a 10x on this coin only. Almost a 10x, you see this by the way, shout out to Salsara for uh pointing out this coin to me; I don't know, she did it on that account, but shout out to Salsara. But listen, this is a 10x, guys over here, this is a 10x. This will happen on a lot of coins; this is just a start. Look at this, oh wait a minute, MW you're getting bullish, oh this is dangerous! Easy guys, there was a beautiful post from one of the retail firm members today on Twitter; you know my Safari wasn't up to date, so otherwise I could show you everything I was talking about.

00:21:01
But listen, there was one beautiful member who said on a beautiful post: 'Who cares about altcoin season!' That's the exact answer; that's how I want you guys to be, that's how I want you guys to think, that's how it is. Don't think in bear and bull markets. Every day is a bull market for you. Every day is a bad market for you. You are out there trading what the markets are offering you. If you see the volume hitting up, if you see resistance, you short it. If you see volume hitting up, use the indicator and just ride the damn thing up until it makes you that 2,000% P&L. It's that simple. I've trained you already for this. I'm preparing you for what's coming.

00:21:41
And there is, you know, it's got to be like this every freaking day. Because, you know, whatever I think about Trump or whatever this, but I think that crypto and altcoins were just super early. There are so many altcoins at bottom formations. There are so many altcoins that will hit volume. There are so many altcoins that will fly. There are so many altcoins that are going to do 100x. I know they will. And by 100x, I'm not talking about Ethereum or Solana. There are some micro caps that will be ruling the charts just like Matic did. There will be. You just have to believe. And I'm not saying that you should put all your money on a coin and hope it'll make you to 100x. That's not how we do things.

00:22:25
We just follow what the markets tell us every freaking day. And that's what I'm doing. You know, my market analysis is done every week again and again. I'll tell you, okay, this is where you have to be offensive. This is where you have to be defensive. This is where you have to be careful. This is where you have to take some profits. This is where you have to focus on the longs. This is where you have to focus on the shorts. You just go and freaking do it, and then you tell me, oh, well, MW, 50X, no, it's a little bit much. I get you, I feel you guys. I really understand you from the bottom of my heart because you guys have been scammed. You have been destroyed.

00:23:00
You have been wrecked by these monsters for years. So, at some point, your confidence and you know you know, and by the way, guys, this is even you know, I don't own any wrecked bags, but I think that a lot of you guys still own a lot of coins that are 80 70%, 90% down. So when you when you see your money, you know, I cannot, I'm gonna be very honest. It happened to me once, once, that you know, my portfolio came down so hard. And, you know, that was also when I started breaking the system and breaking the code and started training myself how to not lose money anymore. So I was lucky that, you know, I made it up in a matter of two, three weeks, and I was back.

00:23:44
But, you know, that feeling that I had when I saw my portfolio coming down with 70%, 80%, I never, ever, ever, ever want to feel that again. And, you know, I created a style that also will never happen again. It's impossible in my style to get my portfolio down with 20%. Not only with 70%, 80%, 90%, but 20% -they cannot get it down. It's impossible. It's impossible. And this is something I'm teaching you, and also something else very important. I was telling how I think that Helena will make a beautiful vid about this live stream. A lot of quotes also get created by Salsa, I think. but listen

00:24:26
you know i was you know you have to see everything in a snowball effect you have to build wealth on wealth that's how the people on wall street do it they build wealth on wealth they build wealth on wealth they build wealth that's also what you have to do with your trading with your trading portfolio don't don't think oh it's impossible no you have to think like this focus on not losing that's all you have to do and you know your portfolio every day will there will be another opportunity there will be another trade there will be another you know another rise another big dump you know you just have to wait and when you wait when you're patiently waiting and then strike believe and just go in do it and then you'll see the big games coming and pop boom take them next one Next one, next one.

00:25:22
And every time when you start using the same funds that you are doubling up, so your positions will get bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger. But at the same time, you have to put in that defense style of not losing because when your snowball effect, the snowball can get only bigger. It cannot get smaller, you know. Or your snowball has to get into some desert and melt down. Always keep looking for the cold weather and keep rolling that snowball. And it's possible. I'm giving you all the tools. I'm giving you all the knowledge out there to do this. But you have to work on it yourself also. Don't wait for me to come push the button for you. I'm giving you the tools. I'm giving you the way how to build your portfolio, the tools that you need.

00:26:09
Now it's you that has got to do it. Okay, so that was about that so let me now go So what's going on so this one is pumping Look at this is this is this is basically guys just this is big Look at this guys this this was here I don't know from when from 24 this this chart has been here, you know So when you see this, what do you think I did over here? Oh What do you think I did over here? Exactly. That's what I did over there. So this is what I was just explaining. You have to wait. Just wait for it. Let's wait for it. So this magic is pumping today. I think that this is just Bitcoin getting flipped. And, you know, look at this.

00:27:02
You think it pumped? Is this a pump? Look at this. What is this? This is a pump of. 132 but one look at this guys 130. Just think if this thing gets to all-time high again just saying why not easy peasy a 30x ah by the way guys I don't know nothing about this magic I think it's I don't know what it is I don't give a crap what it is by the way I would just trade this thing on the indicator just make money who cares look over here you got it over here this is This is how I see coins. You know, I gave you guys the best indicator in the world. So here you go. Okay. So you got this bump up. Whoa. Boom down. Whoa. Boom down.

00:27:54
Indicator. Whoa. And there we go again. That's it. That's it. That's it. You can even put it on the 50 minute if you want. You know, here you go. Look. Whoa. Come here. This was your entry. Whoa. Whoa. And over here, you take profits, you wait for it, then over here, boom! This is your entry again, and there you go again, and there you go again. It ain't so bad; it's so bad, it's so bad, it's so bad. You just watch it, so let me go to this voxel, so voxel pumped a little bit too much in my opinion. So that was by the way, because listen, this thing was by the way. The funding rates were very red, so this wouldn't be an entry, but you know, you have to be, you have to be an experienced professional trader to to to decide to take uh to take to take this trip.

00:28:45
But let me tell you, this listen, so this will come up in uh one of the next upcoming uh leverage trading course vids, but this is how uh how I think and how professional traders think. So this thing comes into this, is really strong resistance. There's no you know, there's no doubt about that, so this is really strong resistance over here which is single and a weekly, so even if the funding rates are red, who gives a f***? I did not swear, so I'm paying 500 bucks by the way. Every live stream that I'm not sure but listen guys, you know, I when you when the funding rates are super red and you see that this thing makes a move up, like you know what is it, what is this?

00:29:31
This is a move up of 600 on uh, today. Today was so today, the only today, so I'll forget about the other day, so this is a pump of form; it's a lot, it's a lot, it's too much. So in my opinion as a professional trader, I think To myself in my mind, okay guys wait a minute these bulls are getting excited uh exhausted because this is just too much and especially it comes together with this one also so when you're gonna trade this, you know Why not? Short the crap out of it. You have to just short the crap out of it in momentum. So just in, out, in, out. So the funding rates will not hit you. The funding rates will not hit you before the funding rates will start settling down.

00:30:19
You are already out. I hope that you guys understand it. So this is the move up. This is the resistance level. And this is where you take profits. It's that simple. So that's that. Oh, my God. It's today, Easter. I should be playing with some bunnies today. I don't know why I'm doing a freaking trading course vid. By the way, you guys are going to get the other case trading vid will be to the previous one that I made on Barrow. You also get that one very soon. I just need to settle the group down first. But look at this broccoli. Okay. Why not? Free money. Boom, boom. This was a 400% in three, four minutes. It's free money. Same story. You got over here. You got this. You got this resistance.

00:31:20
Just like we saw in Voxel. You start DCA-ing in over here slowly. It goes higher. You got to put more, more, more. And then on the rejection, when they get exhausted, you take the money again. You take the money again. And even if this thing would break up, you're trained to get yourself out of it. You're trained. You're trained. Because you have to see it like this. I already explained this today in the leverage, in the trading course vid. You know, for sure, if you're going to enter over here and over here, over here, there is a possibility that this thing might go up even more. And that's when you're going to get wrecked. No, you're not going to get wrecked because you're educated how to trade.

00:32:02
How to save yourself when the markets go against you, but you have to see it like this: 70-80% of the time this thing will dump down. So, if you know suppose that you would go to the casino, got black, got red, oh no! And I know you got green also, so let's just say you got only black and red. If you're gonna go there, you're gonna put like 100 bucks on red. Your chances are 50-50. Why would you gamble for 50? It's too much. Your odds are equal. So it's 50-50. But over here, if you're going to put in 100 bucks short, your money is, you know, it's 70-80%. The odds are with you. And even if the odds will be against you, at the roulette table, you're going to lose 100 bucks if it falls on red.

00:32:54
But over here, no, because I'm training you how to save yourself from any loss over here. Are you feeling me when I'm telling you here? I want to see in the chat if someone is, is there really someone understanding what I'm saying? I think I'm just, I think I'm just speaking to myself. So also, you know what I'm going to do? Now I'm going to smoke a cigarette and you're going to do some music. And I want the retail fan to share their altcoins that they want me to chart after this, because I'm going to do. And I want also, if someone has got some questions also. Also some questions that I will answer and the most important part are they understanding what I'm saying boom boom

00:33:59
Breaks every rule Retail fam We know the sound Pump it

00:35:38
dumping dumping let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see dumping dumping or dumping oh dumping dumping oh everything is everything is dumping pumping money is printing it's okay thank you for the music okay let me see let me see SNS is it time to buy Efi I already explained you that SNS is you have to do some research on on the fundamentals because I don't know what's going on over there If you want me to give you my honest opinion about the tokenomics and about the chart, I can give you that. But you have to keep in mind, you have to look for the fundamental. What is the team doing? Because this dump was pretty big. And based on the charts, this is a great buy.

00:36:22
So just, you know, let me tell you this. If the Koreans will, I don't think this one is listed on Upbit, but just think about it. If this thing, is this on Upbit? I don't think it's on Upbit. It's not even on Binance. I think that, you know, let me tell you what. What? It's a $1. 5 million market cap. Listen, guys. Listen, guys. You know, this is now where I cannot help you. You have to help yourself. you have to you have to you have to you have to you have to do some research on this sns this is by the way uh because there's another it's uh sinus one i think this is uh i think this is uh an ai coin uh let's see do i got some data about this do i got some data about this but listen guys if there is some teaching coin you want to buy this is one of those this is 1 .

00:37:35
5 guys come on guys just you know just imagine just don't buy it now by the way don't buy it now don't go rush by but it's your own choice but if you want to buy this if you want to buy this let me show you let me show so this is now at accumulation You cannot get anything better than something like this now. This is 1 . 5 million, 3 million fully diluted market cap. Come on, bro. Come on, bro. What is this? This is, you know, this thing makes you a 10x. You know, the Koreans have only to open up, you know, listed, boom, 10x. Your money is 10x. It's that simple. It's just, you know, listed, 10x, boom. It's that simple.

00:38:23
And let me tell you this uh since you are uh showing me this i'm gonna do some research on this if i see that the team is still if there is a little bit of life in that team and in this project i'll buy it and when i buy it you see it go up like this i'm not gonna i'm not gonna pump your bags guys i'm not gonna dump your bags but listen it's you know if i'm gonna buy it you see something like What happened? Yes, MW bought it. Listen, guys. So this thing, this sign is, I have to do research on the team, see if there's a little bit of life in here. But based on the tokenomics, you know, 1 . 5 million, 3 . 3 million, this chart is looking great. Everything's looking great. It's looking, this is maybe one of the top 10 best buys in crypto. Based on the tokenomics and on the charts. But again, you have to do, is there any life in this coin? Is there something going on in this coin or whatever? So this is something you have to keep an eye on. So that's about it. So let me go. Let me see some questions over here.

00:39:41
We understand, lazy bear. Thank you. Thank you. Hype, Arweave. Arweave? Arweave. Okay, Arweave. Understand. Thank you. Ask about funding, time period, et cetera. It's very simple, Joao. You know, when you see the clock is ticking, and there is a style for this. There is a style for this, Joao. There is a style for this. It's a little bit complicated for me to explain this on a live stream. It has to be in a – It has to be in a trading course. But let me tell you this. You know, I trade funding rates. How do you trade funding rates? What you see is a lot of times when the ending comes of the funding rate, a lot of shorts, they jump out.

00:40:30
And when you see shorts jump out in the last minute, two minutes, you see the price spike up. And the price spikes up because of those funding rates, because of those shorts getting close, because they don't want to pay for the funding rates. But if, you know, a professional trader, what he does is, you know, he already analyzes that. He already sets up everything. He starts putting in sell orders. So what happens then is, you know, the professional trader, he's willing to pay those funding rates, but the money that he's getting back, because most of the times what you see is when the funding rate settles, then you see the price dump down because the shorts get out. So he pays for the funding rates. He calculates that number.

00:41:16
And when it dumps down, he directly takes profits. You have to see it like this. So I'm giving you $100 and I'm getting $500 back in a matter of two, three minutes. I know it's crazy. Guys, this is a whole other style. This is, you know, they call this the funding rates trading. in the professional world you know there are some people that's all they do they only trade funding rates they just you know they go in in like 20 seconds they're out so they made for example i made 2k made 3k made 4k made 2k sometimes it goes against them uh it happens also so the funding will get set up and then the price you know the price goes up even higher So it happened.

00:42:03
That's just, you know, that's the risk management that you have to calculate in. But overall, you got to make really a lot of money. So that's about that. The song is legit. Thank you, Mr. I don't know, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean lettuce. Thank you. So what do we got? and what time you look for entry to 50 depends on what you're trading erwin erwin if you are on the charts you want to just day trade or scalping trader you trade five minutes 15 minutes if you're in it for it you know for the for the for the for the for the bigger time frames for our one hour but um let me tell you this don't do this on a sunday

00:42:42
because the markets open at night and when the markets open they could destroy your trade so you could you should do this analyze trade it the best is traded on monday tuesday wednesday and close it around saturday so uh that's about that so uh what do we got more i've got i thought that you stopped smoking because a lot no i i don't i never said that i stopped smoking did i say that mike i didn't say that i stopped smoking um inside because in the netherlands i was i was i was i was smoking at my desk and i stopped smoking so i have to go now to another office i've got a beautiful view and I've got a beautiful balcony where I smoke; I never said I stopped smoking, I hope I'm gonna, I hope I'm gonna stop smoking, but yes, I understand, okay?

00:43:29
Thank you. Layer audio, a layer is just what I did, I did a freaking a freaking attorney goes, wait about layer so you find it there, uh, there was I need a MW. What is this? I need, I need, I need, what is this? I need, I need, I need a, I need a MW. Neuralink transplant. No, bro. All I have to do is just listen. Blur LSK. Okay, well, Bill S. Is this the last time it came down? Yes, Lamia. Yes, Lamia. Oh, Lamia is into the macro. Lamia, the macro is for Sunday. So that's what we do. We didn't do it today because of all the pump and dumps by Koreans and Binance. So, yeah, so, you know, but, you know, Lamia, to talk about this is, you know, there are some strange things, strange things going on.

00:44:21
You got now this Trump want to get rid of this Powell. But it's, you know, it's a very important thing. So let me explain you what I think. So what I'm seeing now is, you know, Powell is holding the rates. Trump is telling him to cut the rates. But if we're going to cut the rates, the dollar would probably crash down. But then you got Powell, Trump is defending the dollar. You know, I don't care what he's saying in the media or whatever. I know that he's defending the dollar. He has to. He has no choice. So Powell is defending the dollar. Trump is forcing Powell to let the dollar crash. It doesn't make any sense to me. So there is no logic in this. And I'm trying to find the story behind it.

00:45:03
So for now, I just have to trust my charts because these puppets playing whatever circus they're playing out there, I don't know what they're doing. So this is something for next week. We're going to talk and see how it's going to react. But just keep in mind, because this is also something very important, is that Madame Lagarde is cutting rates and the euro is showing strength. It's also something very straight because this is the opposite of how you know, it's the same like, you know, when we're going to raise rates, markets go down. When we're going to cut rates, markets should go up. But what if the opposite will happen? Because that's what happens most of the time. Because if you would go to history, cutting rates is bearish for the markets and not bullish.

00:45:44
The sentiment, the narrative is telling us that it's bullish. And it's not when they cut rates, it's before. They're planning to cut through that's when you see to move up it's just like natural gas for example a commodity you know a lot of people what they do is you know in the winter when it gets very cold people start longing gas you know they think oil, gas you know it's very cold, cold winter a lot of people use gas so you know gas will probably go up, no, it's the opposite when you want to buy gas you do it in the summer when you know there's no demand for gas that's when you start longing you know and when the winter hits, then you start taking profits.

00:46:26
Now, I can talk with you guys about stocks, commodities, Forex. Now, I can talk about a lot of stuff, how you can make money trading not only crypto, and not only these shit coins. But you have to understand, you know, that's why I'm telling you, I'm telling you, trading, investing is a very big world of knowledge. It's a sea of knowledge. It's a sea of systems, how to do things. And I know that, you know. Most of you guys, you come from the Banters, from the Alex Backers, from the Altcoin Dadios, from the Bit Boys, from the whatever out there. And the only thing that you have been hearing past years is just, oh, this coin is going to make 100x. Oh, this one is going to make you rich.

00:47:08
They limit you in your knowledge. They keep you dumb. They don't tell you the real story. They don't tell you the real direction how to make money. You know, it's never too late. Alan, you know, I made already a trading course video in the past about funding rates, but there will be another one where I'll be explaining a trading course video about funding rates and how you can trade them. Also, tell you how professional traders trade funding rates, just like I explained. With this last-minute two minutes, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a training course with about that Alana Alana Alana Magdy, okay, Maggie, you use the Maggie, Maggie, Maggie, Alana Maggie, but basically it's very simple for you, Alana, if you are really new and you don't understand when funding rates are super red, meaning a zero point seven six or zero point zero point zero seven or zero point one two three or even

00:48:13
before the point, when you see super red, you have to be very careful when you're shorting an altcoin. The best way, if you are not trained, if you're not a professional, just don't. Just stay away from it. So if I took a long career and stopped pushing, should I get immediately or just hold it back? That depends on your macro-analyzed trend. So if it's a chase trade, let them pump and you keep doing just like I teach you today. Uh, and I make your money; uh, are we are everyone is all, what is it with our weave? Oh, by the way guys, by the way guys, we've got also this uh crypto 49 coming. You guys cannot imagine how many invitations I've been receiving for this, and you know, I still don't know if I'm going or not; I just don't know yet.

00:49:06
It's at the corner, so it's at the corner for me; I don't have to travel for it; it's just at the corner, and I still didn't decide. You know, why? You know, you know, I know that I'm gonna meet some people over there sometimes; you know, you know, I just, you know it's like this; it's like a lot of it's like my eyes will turn into red; you know, it's like I'm seeing; you know, I'm watching someone and then I'm seeing like a thousand bloody retailers. Then I'm seeing another person and then I'm seeing like 50,000 bloody retailers. You know, and you know, I don't know how to explain but you know. These people destroyed a lot of retail, it's just what it is, you know.

00:49:55
I know that a lot of you guys don't give a crap about that, but you know, it's for me. It's. Would you advise more smaller trades or less high-value trades? I explained today on the leverage trading course with Bro. Uh, I explained there. I'll go look up there. Very interesting. Uh, thanks for your time. Uh, when this is, you know, this is, you have to, this is, this is, this is her division, not my division. Yeah, probably next week. There's going to be news on it. Okay. Thank you. That was short. Okay, so let me, let me. So I got Arif. A lot of people are on Arif. So let me do Arif, for example. You guys want me to do Arif. Arif, by the way, is one of the coins that I missed a few months ago. I missed the pump. So I'm still having a revenge trade. I know I'm going to have a revenge trade on Arif. I missed that, but you have to see. Oh!

00:51:05
Oh, I missed this pump, by the way, guys. This is what I missed. But Arweave, Arweave, Arweave, Arweave, Arweave. You know, when I see Arweave, you know, there are also certain people in crypto that I think about that are shilling this to death. It's going to the moon. Just imagine all those people. This is an example that I just explained. They start shilling you, Arweave over here, over here, over here. And then, you know, you are here now. This is where you are. You are over here. And then, you know, they are just doing it to the next group. Arweave, let me check Arweave. You know, this is looking so, oh, Arweave really dumb. But, you know, it's because of Solana, I think. Arweave dumb. You know, what to say about Arweave.

00:52:04
oh we've always um yeah so let me tell you this i don't know what aurel is cooking out there uh i'm not seeing any big volume also on our it's really this oh but we're we're bottoming out so but it's you know we're bottoming out but you know is bitcoin did bitcoin bottom out i don't think so so always oh There is a Arweave Bitcoin chart. You can look at it. Is it also wrecked? Yes, really wrecked. Yeah, I thought so. Worse. Worse. Arweave, Arweave, Arweave. I haven't been eyeing Arweave for a long time, to be honest. You know, you have to see it like this, guys. Maybe I'm not the perfect. Person to ask about are we because why because you know I'm allergic to Solana so I'm allergic to Solana and uh there's a reason why I'm allergic to Solana, everyone knows this for me um I shorted Solana also at the top destroyed it, short ETF and you know Ari is related to you know just like Pith, you know those.

00:53:26
I want to see how Pith is doing by the way, I get all these flashbacks how I've been warning people about this Bith and Solana. But I do get it, by the way. Solana has been making a nice run-up. So if there are retailers that are still holding Solana, especially with 99% of influencers shilling it to death, I understand that they made a nice run-up. The fact is this. Uh, the only bullish thing about Solana is that that that the meme coins and you know I'm bullish on still bullish on certain meme coins, is that most of them they get traded on Solana so that gives Solana utility so that is you know and a lot of people you know understand that they made a lot of money on Solana also I think a lot of retailers made a lot of money just to be honest but uh they are destroyed now.

00:54:24
Basically, since I opened up short openly on Solana, that's exactly the moment when all the Solana people have been getting destroyed on meme coins, on Solana, on ARRI, on Bith, on everything Solana related. Even Radium is on my short ETF that made a nice rise up. But let me tell you this, Solana, you know, Solana has got, you know, they've got all the shillings in the world. So at some point, I think they will pump it up again because that's just what they do. They're just, you know. So this chart also, see this? So basically we're bottoming out over here. So this, yeah, you know, it's looking good to give my honest opinion on Arweave. Also based on this chart that I'm seeing now, it's looking good. But the problem is Bitcoin, guys.

00:55:17
If Bitcoin will hold the coming weeks, Arweave might make it. But let me be, let me be. Let me be super honest with you guys. I'm only interested in Koreans at this moment. So, you got the Koreans, you got the syndicate, and now we're seeing that CZ is also starting to flip on his exchange. Bitcoin into certain altcoins so that's my only focus because you know why if I'm gonna buy in here within a week over here and you know all we will make a 50 well great I've got to wait like a week for it but if I would just go into those high volume coins I can make that in uh you know I can make that in an hour two hours so you know so it's just the choice that you have to make and make and for me always is not finding that momentum now and uh so yeah so I'm really.

00:56:07
You guys cannot imagine how important for you guys is to keep checking on GTC Insider every day when the top 10 volume coins come in. And then you don't go in, oh, but wait a minute, MW, but it's already pumped. Yes, if it's already pumped, look for the short. Use the indicator. And if it's holding very strong, the volume is strong, just write the indicator. But let me tell you this. If you want the big coins, you have to buy them. You have to really buy them on the drops. Bitcoin is at 84-85, and you know that the US 500 is correcting a bit but we're not making it; we're not hitting the zones; we're not confident to start buying. And I, you know, I'm trading now.

00:56:52
Now it's trading; it's like I explained you in many bits of mine, you know. You've got the range so this is where you know the big shorts will start getting in just like I showed you past times and you know when we hit these zones, this is when the longs start getting open for the big gates. But we're now traveling in the middle; now it's now it's a trader's world in the middle when we are at these ranges. This is where you can make the big, the big decisions from okay over here I'm gonna buy myself some ARE WE YOU KNOW? But we are not here; we are in the middle now. I know it's sick when I'm explaining here and if you don't understand it by time you will; you have to just check uh on the market updates in the middle of the week when.

00:57:36
am i gonna explain you um i've made 100 of but this is normal bro this you see this uh the johan venta i think you're dutch um so um happy easter awesome like we say in dutch uh so but this is normal bro this is normal you know if you know what you're doing if you know how to make how to how to use the indie If you know how to use the indie, you can make these P &Ls like, it's just the momentum. You got to push up and then you got to push down. You got to push up, then you got to push down. The only thing, the logic is out there. The only thing that you have to, the most important part that you have to be skilled in is how will they not wreck me?

00:58:24
How can I play this game without them destroying me? You know, I can show you a way that is full risk. I can show it. And you can make maybe like four, five, six, seven massive trades. And when I say massive, massive. But they will only need to catch you one or two times and they will take it all from you. And that's why I'm doing things my way so we can still play. But at the same time, they, you know, they will not catch us on those two times. I eliminated that. So, you know. I remove that, that they will wreck you apart. So you can still play to make those big gains, but they cannot wreck you. And this is all that you have to do. You have to survive.

00:59:12
You have to survive in the process. And that's how you make money. So if you want to go to the average influencer out there telling you, okay, we're going to pump there tomorrow. We're going to pump there. We're going to do that tomorrow. You know, it's like the weather, you know, today they're bullish and then tomorrow it's sunny. And then the day after it's rain. You don't have to freaking tell me. That it’s raining today, I’m getting wet outside, tell me what weather is going to be tomorrow so I can prepare myself so I can get my how do you say this, we say paraplu in Dutch, how do you say this in English for the rain, you know that yeah I know I know the German word.

00:59:57
Guys, I’m sorry, but we got to do our live streams in Deutsch and in Dutch in the coming weeks. So no more English. Umbrella, umbrella. Umbrella, umbrella. Listen, guys, this is the problem. Sometimes those freaking words, they go out of my mind. So, you know, I need someone to tell me I’m going out tomorrow. And, you know, do I need to take my umbrella with me? Yes or no? That’s what I need. I don’t need all those big accounts to tell me, well, guys, it’s raining today. I freaking know it’s raining. I’m getting wet over here. I’m drowning here in the water. So this is the difference. This is the difference. I love you all. Thanks for watching. Happy Easter.

01:00:43
I hope that you guys all will enjoy your family time. I hope that you guys will make, especially the little ones, very, very happy today. Whatever it is that you're planning, if the family is coming along, Don't tell them about MW. Please don't tell them about me because they will get addicted to trading and they will lose sight from everything else. So don't tell them about MW. Tell them about Broccoli. Tell them about Bitcoin, about Ethereum, about how great it all is. Don't tell them about me because I'm crazy and I'm sick, and I know, and I love you all. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one. Bye-bye.