*** Live Stream 04-26-2025 Altcoins finding bullish momentum !! *** 

00:00:21
Good morning. Good morning, MW. Welcome to Gatorade and Crypto. Welcome. Welcome, welcome, welcome. I'm feeling much better today. I was a little bit sick, a lot of pain. So, yeah, it was; it was; it was; so, you know; it is what it is, you know; it's just health. Let me just be very honest with you guys. I don't; I don't; you know; I don't live a healthy life. I'm going to be very honest. So, you know; I suck at living healthy, you know; you know; I eat bad, I sleep bad, I skip training. i smoke uh so yeah so life sucks you know it is what it is you know you know i'm not

00:01:02
the perfect person you know it's just what it is nobody's perfect in this world so these are the things that are sucking it's really health i don't really take care of my health and it was very funny there was a dog here in dubai that that follows me one of the retail fan members and she told me listen get your ass over here i need to make sure i'm gonna check your ass every week and you know you have to stay healthy because when you don't do a live stream i lose money i need to know if i should be long or shorting market so just get your ass you'll get the best treatment in here you don't have to pay a dime for it i'll be your personal doctor i'll make sure that you know whatever it is i'll check you up And you know, I'll do it in my free time; I don't care.

00:01:53
Yes, you have to stay healthy, that's so funny was so funny, so funny, really so funny, so uh, so yes, yes, yes. We, you know, you know, it's it's you know, basically I-I do agree because you know the most important updates are on Friday because why? Because we have to expect how the markets are going to close and you know how to act on them over the weekends. So I'm sorry, it's it's just what it is you know. I was just too sick to do any live stream or whatever, so really, forgive me about that one. So, you know, it is what it is, but you know I've educated you guys and it's very simple. So first of all, um, I set secure Profits into resistance, well, let me say that around what is it, around 27 of my uh of of of my of my of my of my loans have been hits uh in profits and around around around 76 are still running and exploding in games.

00:02:56
By the way, it was you know it was also a DM from a very big investor that follows me, he told me 'Mw, listen that stream that you did on Monday, I think when he told us okay, you're flipping bullish out of out of you know, you just flip bullish out of the sudden and you know. And he said, well, I think that the money will now flow into crypto. He told me that was your best call ever.' I told him, well, I don't agree on that one, that it was my best call ever. I made some other sick calls also. But I can understand that it's for a bull. Because someone that is a bull, you know, I've said it a lot of times.

00:03:41
When you see MW getting bullish, you really have to focus. You really have to, you know, all the alarm bells need to go off because I don't get that bullish very often. So when you see me getting bullish, you really have to focus. You really have to focus. You really have to focus. Yeah, it is what it is. So I'm going to do a quick market update with you guys about what happened past days because I've been offline. I'm going to do what I think will happen. Then we're going to dive into the altcoins because it's all about altcoins, about pumps. See, by the way, I just saw my virtual. Oh, boom. Virtual. My virtual tweet just exploded. You know, it's, you know, I mean, on the long ETF.

00:04:23
And also SPX and also Trump. Trump also, Trump, you know, you have to see, like this guy's thing, it's a long ETF, I don't watch that portfolio a lot; it's just for me because it's you know, it's mid-term, long term. I don't give a crap about it; it's you know, it's on another offline account and you know, I check it sometimes, I don't even see what's going on; you know, it's just running over there and that's where I put in, you know, a higher up my stop loss in profits. Uh, when I see that we're heading into resistance, and for the rest, yeah, it's just running, and you know, I was, I was checking it uh before I did the open up the stream and mama my, oh mama my, mama my, so you have to see if you just go back to Monday and you know, if you would watch the live stream; I even, you know, I think it's, yeah, it's open listed.

00:05:13
So I even opened it for the whole world to see it. So it's not private, that vid; it's, you know, it's, you know, for the really big money, it's, you know, it's mind-blowing. They keep saying, how the freak do you know that every freaking time? Now, call it a six cent, a seven cent, eight cents, nine cent, ten cent. It doesn't matter, but it's, you know, it's just what I do for a living. That's what I do for a living. Now, okay. So, that's done, so now we have to keep focusing, by the way I also was in a meeting with a team, they have some personal stuff running between them, I don't know

00:05:49
what's going on with these guys, you know it's a little bit of a mess since two of those guys came to Dubai with me and then stayed there and it's a little bit of a mess so they also extended they extended their um the the subscription for their members by two weeks because they have some personal things running but you know I told him, you freaks, just at least go on those charts and share some traits. And, you know, that's what they did right after the meeting. And, you know, it was directly boom, boom, boom, boom. I told him, just keep doing that. Forget about the personal stuff just focus on trading because that's

00:06:28
what you guys do best make your members your paid members very happy so they can make also a lot of money so they really destroy that trade by the way in a very short period of time boom boom I'm gonna see who's over here by the way this is a very very very early live stream for a lot of retailers in here because most of my followers come from Europe you know Germany et cetera So they all probably are sleeping now But you know I have to do the live stream now I just have to do it So well I hope that they will see later on today So let me run some music and then we're going to start it off Boom boom Thanks my little fam Go go go go Boom boom

00:08:10
We think you think you think What do I got What do I got What do I got? What do I got over here We got a key We got Salma Rashid We got Zagalou Morning when you want to play with the big dogs you can't cry like a puppy It's not about that I agree with you but it's not about it. We're going to talk about it later. We're going to talk about it later in a moment. But, you know, it's exactly just like I explained to you guys in the trading course. The biggest problem with retailers is when they go into a layer. I'm telling you, you have to reserve like 20% of your portfolio in it. And it's an investment. Forget about it.

00:08:44
Just DCA in, just like I teach you on that video, exactly know what to do. And that's it. People give it too much, you know, because you have to see it like this, a gold mine, you know, that layer is a gold mine. You just don't know it yet, but it's, it's a gold mine. So, but it's, it's the problem with a lot of retailers is they just don't do what I tell them. I, you know, I released a freaking Twitter course with about layer. And, you know, people just don't listen. And maybe it's not just that they don't listen. I don't know what's going wrong, but you have to. So what they do is they oversize the position.

00:09:25
And at some point, because, you know, I'm reading some comments, well, I could have taken a lot of other trades, but I'm in layer. What has layer got to do with that? There is, you know, it's just, you know, if, you know, if it's too hard for you, I always tell you, open up a Bitunex account, open a Binance account. Wait for me. I'm going to, I'm going to, the new partnership is coming. You can even use a third exchange for that. If it's too hard for you, just use, for example, you're always trading on Bloven. Okay. I'm going to do the trade on Bitunex. Put some funds over there. And that's my layer trade, you know, because that's a long-term trade. That's my gold mine.

00:10:03
And then on Bloven, I do whatever it is that I'm doing. That's how it works. That's how it works for the ones that can manage their positions. And that's the big problem. Okay, so we've got Craig. We've got Devbrick. We've got Madag in the house. Oh, my God. John is here. Devbrick. We've got RevPop. Riff Popper. Riff Bonjour. We've got Ellis. We've got GetAction. We've got Lien. Dermanschaft is in the house. We've got Rosa Cordeiro. We've got LazyBearEFR. Koningsdach. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, by the way, guys. How was it again? I forget about it.

00:11:06
So, by the way, guys, it's King's Day today in the Netherlands. So, congrats to the king. I love the Dutch king. I love my king. I really love the king. So, congrats, congratulations to the king with his birthday and also for everyone. By the way, for the people who don't know, in the Netherlands, when it's King's Day, you know, people go party. They go dance. They go, they get drunk. They get wasted. I don't know. They do a lot of crazy stuff. Uh, on this day and you know it's it's one big party in the Netherlands so yes, so uh well King's Day okay King's Day uh in the Netherlands so we go what do we got what do we got?

00:11:47
Lazy Bear, we got uh we got Ivan, we got Carlo, Carlos in the house, we got Trend, we got uh Muhammad Ali, we got Peter, we got uh Waleed, you got medic Andra straight up uh Christian, we got GAD, we got super super good Benjamin, we got Stacy, we got Pip, we got Peter, uh we got uh OMG, oh my god Suey did we miss the train what train Suey has got unlock coming up so they are pre-pumping the unlock that's all that's going on with Suey. By the way, I think that Sue is a great project. So nothing about that. But, you know, it's just the unlock that is pre-pumping the coin. Love from India. We've got Siljo Paul. We've got Michael. Check, check. Okay. We've got Snowy. We've got Lorena.

00:12:42
We've got Johan. Good morning. We've got Martin. We've got Lord Binance. We've got EFR. We've got Paul. We've got Dinana. What is this? Dinana. Okay. So thank you, thank you. Welcome all for joining me for the ones that are awake. So let me let me first of all stop by the way guys. This is super, super, super, super, you know. Wall Street! This is about bullshit, you know. When we calculated this top and this bottom, and now we are around the 50%. So this bounce up is this, you know? The Wall Street! You know I've said it a lot of times: Wall Street is the biggest, biggest, biggest by far biggest bulls in the world. So, this bounce up is just not something special you know.

00:13:27
This is this is this is this is just normal. This is just what wall street does because you know. If I would zoom out on three months, you see so never never ever ever be never ever ever be a surprise when you see uh when you see when you see when you see wall street pumping the market up again. So it's normal, it's just what they do. You have to be only surprised when when when the price goes down. But look at this look at this candle by the way. Look at this. This is you know if you if you if you watch it on where's my other us 500 because this is a little bit uh yes let's use this one. Look at this, guys. Oh oh look at this.

00:14:15
Is you know I don't think that this will close this way but just imagine if it would look at this candle. Look at this. Oh this is wall street, guys. Wall street. You have to always keep in mind when wall street bumps up it's normal when wall street you know makes a candle down or some red that's when you have to be you know that's when you have to be very cautious have to now i have to but let me tell you this let me tell you this let me tell you this okay now people probably think what is he gonna say now what is he gonna say now i'm gonna tell you what i'm gonna say but this is also because wall street is pretty pretty pretty pretty autistic not pretty they they are just autistic that's just what they are and what we've seen in you know in the past like in the past years over here is when we see these red candles monthly one two This is also 1, 2.

00:15:15
This is also 1, 2. Over here, this nut, but this one, 1, 2. 1, 2, 3. 1, 2. 1, 2, 3. This was also invalid. And this was also invalid. But we are now in the second one. So, what are you talking about now? Which are 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2. What does it mean? It means that most of the time, so like 60, 70% of the times. When a red candle appears, it continues to go down. So that's how autistic they are. So let me just tell you this. So I think that this is a dead cat bounce. I think that we will go lower this time. So even though it's against all odds, or whilst it's bullish, I think that this is just a bounce flushing out some greedy shorts, and they will dump it down again.

00:16:07
That's what I think. You see it also over here on the weekly. If we go to the weekly, you also see over here that we are just trying to bounce this thing up. And then you might even say that maybe this is, let me just tell you this. Let me just tell you this. Let me that the ones that are with me and have been shorting the crap out of that box and long it at the same time, there will be shorts. Longs will get closed and shorts will get open again over here. I think that they might start opening the shorts even earlier. I think that the shorts might open up earlier. This is about the U. S. market. The U. S.

00:16:50
market, they're just doing whatever it is they're doing because these guys, they just don't know what to do with their money. The only thing that you have to see like this, these Americans, they really have no clue what they're doing with their money. The only thing that they know to do with their money is to pump it into stocks. That's all they know. They get some dividends. Whatever money you have, what are you going to do with it? Put it in stocks. That's it. Listen, guys, it's just that easy. That's how the Americans think. Show the VIX, pump the stocks. That's what they know. They've always ruled by this. And this is also, by the way, why Trump is getting so much hate because, you know, he's trying to get those stocks down.

00:17:32
Maybe he's got a big bag of cash. He wants to buy some stocks with it because, you know. He just took profits, I don't know, I don't know what he's doing, but whatever he's doing, but the facts are, is that you know he's the one trying trying to fight Wall Street and well, he did great on these weekly candles, but look at this, look at this pounds, my brother, this is the pound. So uh, I think that from over here, from 5,600, I think that over here, here will the turbulence uh, here will everything will go down again, I think that's what I think so in this box, I think that over here, this is where we're gonna get a retrace again, so it's just normal guys, so we go down come back because you have to always see it like this in Wall Street.

00:18:19
The bounces up are the most easy parts, the easy straights, easy straight because you know Wall Street just likes to pump markets, stocks that's all they know, all the money goes into stocks and this is also by the way if you watch my last show Monday, It's also why I told you, listen, they've got a lot of money. When they cannot buy stocks or their version stocks, they might pop into crypto. And that's also why the rise that you saw on Bitcoin and whatever, that's the result of it. But that's just how, as a trader, how you think, how you do, how you act, and how you make money in the markets up and down. So be very careful because it's only, what is this? This is only like 70, 80 points, guys.

00:19:02
70 80 points and then it's gone, we closed above the indicator on the daily but you know uh I'm not giving it too much uh too much power in my opinion. I think that you know everything now towards these levels uh is a danger zone and by the way this is also the reason why I started securing profits over here because we're just going into resistance zones now, it's just what it is. You can tell me whatever it is that you want to tell me, I don't give a crap what you gotta tell me but This is resistance, and when resistance, I'll start securing profits. So what does securing profits mean for the ones that are new? I'm going to repeat myself again. Securing profit is just like this.

00:19:39
If you are running like an 800% profit on whatever, on SPX, on Giga, on Kodi, on Bitcoin, on Ethereum, I don't give a crap. Whatever it is, what you do is you higher up your stop loss. So if this would be like, let's say that you, because this is when we bought in. So for example, it's very simple so you're running into profits by for example and then for example uh you your stop-loss is you take your stop-loss and profits is for example over here so what you do is the higher it goes the higher you think okay this thing goes up here secure profits i'm gonna do like this this thing comes over here no problem i'm gonna do like this and that's it and that's it that easy it's that easy and if it gets hits it gets hit it'll profit if you

00:20:28
one two well whatever mw you know i'm not even gonna wait for that i'm just gonna take profits right away then just take profits so that's about us 500 let me go to dxy because very important dxy dxy is finding you know it's pathetic pathetic and by the way guys i'm going to be very honest with you guys i think that this is also just the dead Cat bounce, so I think that the dx1 will go lower, so I think that the d, so I think that this thing is this thing is coming down and I think that the next round of dump will come, so I'm really preparing myself for a 94 cents for for for 88 cents uh piece why if I'm really expecting it so uh the only the only thing that could really uh something that could if if something in the narratives or you know fundamentally will change and this thing will start dumping down, that's the only way that these will find momentum

00:21:25
but for now I see that this thing will crawl up and I think that this zone over here which you're seeing over here, this will flip flip uh flip support and i think that the euro will make its next uh move up over here it's just like the gpu i also same story so we had oh look at this guys this chart has been here for months look at this boom boom boom told you over here i'm taking profits on my yen i'm taking profits of my well what did you see i'm blowing i love this i love this by the way okay there's a lot by the way for the end so also same over here i think that we're gonna find some support so i'm not seeing any light for the xy yet

00:22:14
i'm really this is the most important part about whatever it is that i'm doing i'm trading investing crypto especially this one this one is really really so so important because we're getting rejected on this level over here so let's see let's see let's see we're just going so let me go to bitcoin well what is bitcoin so bitcoin so basically bitcoin uh we already talked about this you know uh you know monday when we had this you know hold hold hold hold and then boom boom boom boom and basically this is also where we're heading into some uh we're heading into some uh a little bit of uh resistance over here so it's just a turbulent development so some resistance over here so this thing will you know but you know we had this rise up and then you know if this Thing goes sideways, all of us could really explode; um, so let me go to my green-green-green chart, so let me...

00:23:08
oh, we're okay. The chart was ordered. So we had into this level over here. We even reached 95. 5 and now, you know, it's coming down. This is just resistance, guys. This is what it is. You have to see it like this. People, you know, just like we did, they buy in around 74. And then over here, this is, guys, don't underestimate this. This is even without leverage. This is a 30% bounce, guys. You have to just see it like this. So, you know. This big money, this... you know, if he bought a million dollars of Bitcoin, he now got $1.3 million. 3 million, 300K. And this is just on spot. Just on spot. This is just on spot. This is, you know, this is just spot. That's what it is. Imagine people not trading leverage. You know, it's the same over here. ETH, for example. Where's ETH? ETH. Look at ETH. How much did ETH do? ETH is doing even better. 31%. It's almost the same, by the way. Not a big of a difference. By the way, we broke out over this. This is very bullish, by the way, for altcoins. So we broke out. We're holding support over here. We could come down to

00:24:34
flip support over on the bottom of the indicator and then go up; also, this trend line uh could happen, but this is bullish for altcoins, but I already told you this because if you would go to discharge, look at this guy's we're now reaching uh, this is the red zone, this is the danger zone, but I already told you it's gonna be all season so we're now hitting some resistance so this thing might come back; but you know everything in this box It's all season in my, in my, in my opinion, because yeah, you can listen to Scott Malcolm. Oh, all of us will never go up again. Okay. Well, whatever, whatever, but you know, the facts say otherwise, maybe he has got other facts, but you know, for me, this thing, uh, even if we got rejected, I went into this restaurant, it's going to be all season.

00:25:24
It's going to be all about all season. It's going to be about all season. So, uh, talking about alt season let me first of all do Pexi for example, for one moment, let me do Pexi before we go into the outcomes, backseat look at this, by the way, gold also retraced while, uh, while they found some support and you know over here, this was when we, uh, when we were we, uh, uh pumped up, it was Tuesday, yes, so Monday, this is when I did the vid about, uh, being bullish on crypto. And, you know, a day after, boom, we came down. We didn't even hold this blue zone. So we held this zone over this line over here. So, yeah, maybe this thing might bounce back again, you know, bounce back again, make a little bit of pain for crypto.

00:26:13
But, you know, guys, you know, I told you every single dump that we're going to get from now on, it's going to get bought up very, very, very, very fast and very, very big. On altcoins, so if my take profits uh will get hit on the retrace I will load up load up on on markets come down again so I'm not gonna wait I'm gonna trade by the way also a lot that's also what I told the team in the morning the freak are you guys doing solve whatever is going on in your lives start trading all coins are going bananas you guys are in your personal stuff so over here we'll hold look at this guy, you know, You got this guy telling, you know, this gets me crazy.

00:26:58
You got this guy telling you, well, Altos, I don't think that Altos will ever go up again. I just don't think so. So the holders in here, if you're here, you know, MW has always destroyed new parts here, destroyed the crap out of you, these holders. And, you know, you guys are so wrecked that, you know, I cannot even count anymore how wrecked you guys are. But listen, guys, listen, guys, it's that simple. But this is where you should be afraid now, yeah, now you're already 90% down, so you know just hold the damn thing for another 10 minutes-it's just what it is. So look at this thing; look at this and see this thing is very interesting, this thing is very interesting if this thing just comes down to the indie even this line this will make so many altcoins exploding gates, it's it's you know they will just explode it.

00:27:51
Okay, so this was, by the way, the trade the team took. It was this FLM, this one. I thought, why don't you just go trade? So just go trade the fucking... This was when they made some money. But this is a nasty candle, by the way. So, you know, they took some profits here, I think. But this is a nasty candle. Team, I don't like this. I know that you guys are watching. I don't like this candle. I would say secure profits on that one so um let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, okay, let me go to the, to the, to the, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I think a lot of you guys want to know something about this one, let's see, let's see, let me see, let me see.

00:28:47
Let me explain a little bit about layer, because layer, layer, layer, layer. I've been talking a lot about layer. So layer, so this is layer, by the way, guys. This is layer. First of all, what you guys need to know, because I have to be a little bit more clear about layer. Layer is just one big Ponzi scheme. First of all, something that you guys need to know, I don't know if you guys know it already. Let me see. One moment, please. Let me get it onto my, let me, can I show you guys this? Why can't I show you guys this? Let me see. Let me flip my screen. Let me flip this screen. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, guys. I'm trying to get you guys to see my screen. Maybe, maybe I can flip my screen. I don't know if it's going to work. Let me see if I can flip my screen, guys. So you guys, we're going to flip to another screen. Let me see. Salsara is enjoying life. So she's not with us.

00:29:57
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to stop this screen. OK. You guys can see a milk killer here. Oh, I'm looking so good. I'm looking so good. so let me see if i can share this screen share screen and then let me see yeah i think you guys can see this it is so bad it's so bad it's so bad can you see this guys can you confirm that you're seeing this hey guys confirm that you guys can see this in the chat I need confirmation. Can you see my screen? Screen, screen, screen, screen. Oh, wait a minute. I need to remove this one. Yes, you can see it. Okay. So what you're seeing over here, look, we got this event going on. This event is coming up in 15 days.

00:30:50
Well, whatever. Because this is not something to be bearish or bullish about. Because, you know, when an event comes up, you know, it's all about building. It's all about building. When you build a lot of shorts, market makers could decide, okay, they're going to wreck you, you know, just like we did. I explained on Ondo, et cetera. So don't give this too much. It's not about this one now. It's about this one. Are you seeing this? Because, you know, we've done this with Ondo. We've done this with W. We've done this with Barrow. We've done this with, I think, 50, 100 points. Maybe more. Maybe 200 coins. We've done this already. Look at this: 22 is unlocked; 78 is locked. Guys, show me one coin!

00:31:45
If any of you guys I dare anyone to show me one coin just show me one coin that had like more than 50/ 60 percent locked coins that moon's there ain't. It's all a force pump up up up up up up up and then they dump it down very hard and then by hard I mean they dump it down to the bottom. So if anyone thinks that layer is gonna be it's gonna be out. Wait a minute, but layer layer is maybe no layer. Maybe mine. It's not about that. You have to see this is a race. It's just a race and they are exhausting people. So the ones that get exhausted, they will fall out. But the ones that are strong, the ones that are trained, the ones that have a lot of big lungs, they will be huge, huge, huge, huge winners.

00:32:42
And the only thing that you have to do is you have to know how they're going to catch you. You have to know how they're going to liquidate you. You have to know how they're going to – just exactly what I explained. I'm not going to repeat myself. Trading course videos out there are explained into details how to trade this. But look at this. 22%, guys. 22% is unlocked. So only 22% is out there. So there are some 78 greedy people over here waiting to sell this rise. What do you think? These guys bought in maybe even lower than this. These guys are at, these guys, I think they bought in this lock. Most of the times it's at one cent, one cent. What do you think they'll do?

00:33:33
If he just gets, oh, my, you know, I've got, I've got a 30 X. Ah, I've got a 30 X of gains or 40 X or 50 X. What do you think they will do? And don't give me this. They will hold crap. Because it never happened on any coin out there. Never. Never, never. It never happened. So why would it happen now on the layer? What makes you think that they will do the layer? So for now, what you're seeing is very simple. What they're doing is market makers are just hunting down. They're hunting down the, you know, they're hunting down the. They're hunting down the shorts, the dump shorts, so the greedy shorts, the ones that don't know how to trade, how to protect, how to chase trade.

00:34:28
Those ones, they're hunting them down. And then it's just for you. You have to see. You have to see. You have to see. I already explained to you this, by the way, a lot of times. You have to see it as an investment. That's how I have been doing it for years. It's just like, for example, you know. When you're trading, I suppose that you're bullish on Layer over here over here suppose that you're bullish over here and you bought a layout one buck okay and then it came down to 90 cents. You bought a little bit more and then it dumped down very hard. And then oh, I'm, you know, I'm losing so much money, oh! And then what do you do?

00:35:03
You bought in another about a bag here just like it's a whole bag, you're just holding it, you know, you don't care, you know, you're just holding it. You know, you're huddling and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! Then you're you're in profits, take profits or whatever, it's the same thing. This is the same, it's you know if you bought in uh from 150 for example, let's say you bought it over here so and then you bought it a little bit over here and then you bought a little bit over here and then you bought a little bit over here, it's just an investment, just forget about It doesn't look at it, I don't even know why you guys are looking at if you're you know if you're Chase trading it and you're you know you're going in

00:35:41
out in out hiring up your your your entry level okay that's another thing then you're just day trading but even if you're not day trading if you do it the NWA I don't care you know I just put in another buy order at three bucks I gotta put the next one at around three three thirty three fifty and you want to pump it up be my guest let's go because the more you pump the more I'm getting paid just do it every freaking time okay you know I shared it on X I closed the all trade in one thousand one. Hundred percent huge, but where is all by the way, where is all, where is all over here is all, you know, remember do you remember the time you remember so this thing, oh well, I closed it started bouncing, it's okay, whatever, so perfect close, so I closed this position, this was the L of 11.

00:36:36
00, this was you have to see like this, This was a dump of, you know, 30%. In, you know, in how many days? Let me get my candles back. This was in one, two, three, four. Basically, this dump, since I called this, I think I called this on Monday. I gave you guys this on Monday, I think, right? I don't remember. But anyway, this dump, when did I give, when did I share this? When did I share this? What is this? What is this? What is this? I don't even remember this. But either way, when this was shared, this is a 30% up. This is a huge amount of money. That amount of money will get flipped into a layer. Where's my layer now? Now I lost my layer.

00:37:27
Oh, here it is. Here it is. Here it is. So this is now, as we speak, getting flipped into this. It's getting flipped into layer now. You know, that 11% will become 4,000%. I know it for sure. It's just you have to have patience. You have to wait for it. And also something very important because someone asked me about this. But, you know, I explained all of this on my training course for Dara. That's simple. Look at this, guys. If you put it on the 50 minutes, this is, by the way, this is the perpetual one. Look at this. So when you're chase trading this, so for example, when you wanted to put in a 10K position and you're already in with 6K, I'm just saying something.

00:38:20
So you still got like 4K remaining to add. What you have to do is you have to, you know, look at this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. They just don't want you know it's it's a bullish momentum, it's you know actually from the moment yesterday when I told them, okay, you can start uh start, uh, you can start focusing on your logs. Oh oh wait a minute I'm so oh I'm sorry guys, I'm sorry guys, so I'm sorry guys, you're right, I'm not showing my, showing my, I need to show my audit. Oh there you are, there you are, there you are, so uh, you guys need to see this, uh, oh okay, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, I need to do it again, so but basically let me finish this before I'm gonna go further.

00:39:17
So for example, you're like 6k, you're like 6k in and then guys I told you this yesterday because actually exactly since yesterday when I told them we can focus on the long that's when they started longing. again It's just like they're listening to me. So listen, guys. So for example, you're, oh, wait a minute. Bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies, bollies. Okay, over here, I can imagine if you opened up a little because, well, you got this strong move up. But basically, it comes back. It's still in the indicators over here. You could take profits from this move up to here. So on this move up, I can understand that you are going to put in a little bit of money again over here.

00:39:57
But you have, when it retraces back to the index, you have to take profits from this one again and you start building and hiring on uh hiring up your uh your position so you know uh the the old position has been closed and is is is slowly getting dc8 in on a layer so uh that position is going uh higher up entry tremendously on on this is on btmx by the way, it's gonna hire it up tremendously, but you have to see it like this guys, you know higher higher higher high just go higher, you know every time when it goes high I'm adding I'm adding I'm adding adding and I'm chasing my my entry up and I know but you have to you have to understand this that when they start dumping this thing I will not take profits very fast, I will do the same just like I did on the rise, I will do the Same on the downside, so for example, if this thing, for example, just dumps down

00:40:57
with a 20% loss spot. I will take a minimum amount of profits, a minimum amount of profits. I will not take a lot of profits because why? I'm going to write this thing really down. I need this thing at least at 150 or lower, at least. And if this thing, because you need to understand, if this thing just comes down to the indicator, for example, 180 or 150 over here, you have to know that this is a huge position. That's a lot of money. You know, that's really, really, really, really, really a lot of money. So, you know, I understand that market makers are now like, you know what, you know, look at this, look at this. This is basically since yesterday when I told them, you can focus on the loans again.

00:41:42
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. They're just pushing. You know, they are killing the shorts. But that's why I'm telling you, don't be greedy on adding to your shorts when the bullish momentum. You can even use a hedge and just trade the indicator up. Also, there are several retail firm members that are doing this, by the way. They are DMing me that they're killing the longs or layer. But that's good. That's good. They're taking profits and flipping them short slowly. But this is the style. As long as you see that this indicator is not bad, even on the five-minute. Let me show you the five-minute, guys. Also, the five-minute, what it does is you see hold, go, hold, go, hold, go, hold, go.

00:42:25
And don't bother by looking at these invalidations very quickly because the power is not down. The power is up. Hold, go, hold, go, hold, go, hold, go. What you could do also, by the way, for the ones that are not into this trade, that are not trading this, what you could do if you're not in layer trade, you could just kill this trade. And how do you kill it? If you're bearish on it, you want to show the crap out of it just like uh most of the people are doing what you do is over here this is your entry okay it goes up I'm out wait for it okay this is your entry is that I'm out I'm out just when it goes above it I'm out it's just that easy it goes above market sell I'm out so over here the same thing uh uh you showed it it goes above it I'm out but they keep repeating this until they hit the jackpot

00:43:18
And this is how they keep their funds safe This is how they don't you know but this is really for the people that own the time to trade this They're on the charts all the time. And also, by the way, if you do this, you have to really do it with a decent amount of money. So you'll get, you know, so you'll get the best, the best, the best gains. But this is, for example, I know some people that that's all they do. They're sitting on their desk. this is all they do they they choose a target that is in formal levels they choose a target that is you know that should never been up anyway so they choose that one and all they do is you know they go in above the indicator they are and they're waiting they're waiting okay it goes below it again boom and they go on big positions because why they can go on big positions because this over here it's minimum amount of money

00:44:08
for example if they go in with i don't know 10k 20k 50k or leverage on a 20 30 x when they lose they lose like 70 bucks 100 bucks 200 bucks they don't care they lose here 100 bucks 200 bucks they don't care because this they are they're protecting the they're protecting their their the trading portfolio but you know when they hit it and this thing goes down they make two three k it's a style guys and you know i know some people that do this all the time you know they do this all the time and that's also why i told you guys yesterday please don't be you know don't be that you know don't be that if you're cheap if you're Not willing to lose small to big to win big, don't wait at all, bro.

00:44:53
You know, it was just like yesterday that I think it's a Dutch guy. I don't know if he's also a member of this live stream, but he told me, listen, you know, I cannot get 100K trading for me. It's just too much. What do you want me to say? What do you want me to say? If 100K trading, 100K trading is nothing. It's nothing. If it's too much for you, 100K trading, don't trade, bro. Don't trade. Don't trade. 100k trading goal is too much for me. You know, most of the times for people that 100k trading is not enough for you, it means that you shouldn't be trading anyway. Just go spot trade. If you got like $1,000 bucks, I don't know, $5,000 bucks, $2,000 bucks, $ 500 bucks, I don't give a crap.

00:45:44
Go spot trade. Just don't ever trade. You will lose money. Because why? Because you're too cheap to trade, you're too scared to trade or whatever it is. People have 100k trading volume with $200, I don't know, I, I, I just don't get it a lot of times I think to myself, 'Why am I wasting energy on this?' But you know, whatever. So that's about layer guys, layer it's just for me, very simple so uh it's just uh the higher this goes, uh the more it will get shorter, it's it's that simple. This is an investment and you must also not, you know, the reason why I keep posting about it is because I'm getting a lot of DMs about it from the retail fan. And that's why I keep posting about it.

00:46:29
But, you know, at some point, I don't want to post about it anymore. I'm clear. This is going to be not a $2,000, I think this is going to be a $3,000 P &L. You know? That's just what it is. I think this will be a $3,000 P &L based on where it is now. Or maybe even more. Maybe even $4,000 P &L. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. On 35X, I'm calculating now. I think it will be on 25X or 20X, $3,000. I think it will be $3,000 peanuts. It's, you know, I don't care. Go higher, higher, higher, higher.

00:47:05
You know, every time when it goes up, I keep adding, adding, adding, adding, adding until, you know, sometimes, you know, I wake up in the morning and I'm having my tea or my juice and then I look at my, oh, oh, that's how it most of the times happens. Oh, what happened to my trading portfolio? Oh, it exploded. What happened? Yeah, I lost 30, 40, 50%. Oh, what a surprise. But, you know, if a lot of people, what they do is, you know, a lot of people, what they do is they over-size their positions. So the trading portfolio is all about leverage. It shouldn't be. I told you in the trading course, it's just 20%.

00:47:53
You know that's it, 20 percent, 20 percent of your trading portfolio, use max of that to chase a trade, it that's it, remain the other 80 or 75 percent, that's that, that's you know, don't use that that's for your other trades, okay, so um yeah, so let me go to the long ETF because I'm, I was going to talk about the long ETF, uh So long ETF. So basically, let me, because I've been getting a lot of questions about the long ETF and, you know, how is it running? What's it do? And, you know, I already explained to you guys how I think that you guys should. So ETH will grade VeChain. What do I say? VeChain is, by the way, guys, one of my big backs. Really, really big backs.

00:48:40
So also on the long ETF. So VeChain. This is. I see six, sixty percent up, uh, by the way, I'm not a sixty percent spot, uh, against I think around 48 because I didn't know, I dc 18 from over here, but look at this PJ, 60, okay, so let me go to near also didn't hit by the way, uh, link we did get hit. Look at this: you're now 50 up from the 10 bucks that I told you about; 50 whatever Sui, look at this, from the box. Because a lot of people, they think, oh, MW, you know, they see me posting, they see me posting about layer, they see me posting some peanuts about ALK, shorting the crap out of it, and then they think, oh, this guy is only shorting one.

00:49:31
No! We're not only shorting markets. Actually, the biggest bags I have are loans, especially after Monday. And I even secured profits, but even that didn't get hit, so it's just going. Look at this silly look at this 120% for my buyers No This the future how much how much how much See 180% I got the swarms Whatever ARXBT, look at this. Look at this, guys. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. 130%. Fartcoin. Look at this Fartcoin. Look out. See this? See this? That's what we do. Because why? Fartcoin, we bought it over here. You remember the four or five? By the way, I think it's almost 12,000%. Look at this. You seeing this? Seeing this?

00:50:45
five hundred percent from our entry five hundred percent five hundred percent five hundred percent from our entry five hundred percent remember it was just two weeks ago three weeks ago listen guys i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying i'm buying you remember i was screaming i'm buying guys i'm buying i don't give a crap i'm buying everyone is afraid Everyone tells you that we're going to zero. Well, I'm buying. Okay. 500%. And also, we're shorting this. That's even more crazy. We're shorting. What did I say? 120, 130. That's a short for a hard coin. Also making money on the way down. Trumpy, I told you. I told you this thing will probably bump. And then, you know, but guys, you have to really be careful.

00:51:39
You cannot see the box, but the box was over here at seven bucks, by the way, guys. I removed it when I got hit. So this is where we bought it. This line was over here. There was a box over here. So listen, guys, this thing is really madness because, you know, you can win a dinner with Trump, whatever, if you own Trump. Don't swear. Please don't swear. Please don't swear. Well, Giga is one of our monsters. So look at this. Look at this. Cody, let's go. Uh, GMI, look at this! I think this just saying when we're just saying Fella just saying Rune, look at Rune, oh Rune, you see when everyone is bearish about Rune, you know. And then you know the biggest Rune, shorter was me and W, and then MW starts buying Room at one buck.

00:52:38
Why? You shorted the crap out of it. Some 30, 40 bucks. Yes. But why would I long it over here? Yeah, long it here. Why not? 40%. So, Fluxy. Look at Fluxy. Look, look, Fluxy. You remember? I don't care. I'm just going to buy it. Flux at these levels, I'm just going to buy it. I don't care. I'm telling you over and over again. I don't care. Fluxy, I'm going to buy it. I don't care. The longer it goes, the more of a boom. It doubles your money. So, you know, guys, you know, where is SPX? I need to do SPX. No, it's, you know, I can go on forever like this, you know. Remember when we, you know, look at this, when we bought SPX. Look at this.

00:53:19
Look at this. 150 percent, you know, you know, I'm not even gonna go go go even more, you know it is what it is, I think that you guys will all have such a so, let me go do some, I want to do some uh Koreans, Koreans, what are Koreans doing? What is Korea doing? Korea, Korea, Korea, Korea, doing what is Korea pumping? Korea, Korea is not pumping by the way; Korea is not pumping. Why the Koreans are not pumping today? Hmm. That's very strange. Let me see one moment. What are the Koreans doing today? Oh, the Koreans are really on Trump. Oh, the Koreans are really interested in joining Trump on a dinner. Keep an eye on Trump, guys. Keep an eye on Trump. Keep an eye on Trump. Where is Trump? Where is Trump? I just had it over here. Trump, Trump. Let me do it like this. Keep an eye on Trump, guys. They are really.

00:54:39
Guys, Koreans are really into Trump. Pop my bags. Pop my bags. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. It ain't so bad. Seeing these guys, look at this. Look at this. This is Koreans, guys. Koreans, they use my indicator. I sold it to them. No, I didn't sell them. I just, you know, they hide it from me. No, seriously, guys. These are the Koreans, guys. Look at this.

00:55:20
You see now these Koreans can pump this thing to 24 bucks out of nothing just saying just saying so uh let me show you guys another one that the Koreans are uh there's a lot of volume going on on this one I want you guys to check this one you might make some nice money uh where are you oh this one We lost the Indy on the one hour time. This is not, no, no, no, no. This is looking so bad. It's too dangerous, this one. Also lost the Indy on the one hour. But this is also, they're on to this. They're also on Sui and virtual. Koreans are pumping virtual, by the way, guys. It's just that, oh, NEM. Oh, I didn't see NEM. Oh, they also got NEM on it.

00:56:13
Koreans, what are you doing? Oh, yeah. Well, there you go. Oh, Korea. Welcome to Korea. We will pump all altcoins to the moon. That's what South Korea is doing now. They are just pumping everything to the moon. This is Korea. And I know that nobody's talking about it. I've been talking about it for two weeks now. This is Korea. And this is, by the way, also what I explained to you guys. It's, you know, the daily indie. This is a very, very, very nice example of that. Yeah, these coins are the most explosive ones. So they break through the India on the daily. They come back. Now, I explained to you guys this already in the last stream. Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. And then you see this. Bang.

00:57:08
Not always, but a lot of times. So there are Koreans are into NAMM. Also, let me see what they're more on. What are they more doing? Some coin. Oh, Koreans are into bank. Okay. Wait a minute. Koreans into bank. Okay. Bank. Okay. Guys, when you see these meme coins and Koreans, you know, you have to see it like this. When Koreans and meme coins come together, it's just one big gangbang of explosions up, you know? It's it's it's just it's just it's just what it is it's just so look at bank guys Koreans, so oh we you know we shorted so many bunk you know this chart is very old, uh let me let me, I'm just saying.

00:58:07
Koreans are on it, this one is very interesting and you know the next one, this one, uh stp, why is this thing not pumping like crazy? Um stp, uh stp guys, this one, this one, this one, this one, you know, this this is oh look at this also listen guys, this is also what I explained to you guys. Look at this on the daily retest and there she goes. So yeah, so basically am I seeing something interesting? Some new coins because you have to really see these new coins. They might bump the most. Let me see if I'm seeing something interesting for you guys. What is this? I don't know this. What is this CTC? No, I've never heard of this one. What is this CTC? What is this?

00:59:17
We might find something. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What is this? What is CTC? I've never heard of it. Never, never, never heard of it. But, you know, the Koreans are on it. When the Koreans are on it, then we should be on it. So. Hmm oh it's a 320 million market this is oh it's not on Binance ah guys this coin is not on Binance you know what that means so you know they might bump bump it up uh 27 million that's a little bit low but um yeah

01:00:23
What is this? What is this? You know, sometimes guys you know we are in these markets to just make money trading growing shorting the crop out of markets. But you know there are so many outcomes out there. You know every time when you know when I go like read what is this credit coin It's the same story over and over again. You know CreditCoin is a blockchain network designed to facilitate cross-blockchain credit transactions and the building of credit histories. It serves the backbone for a decentralized credit market connecting real-world assets with the digital landscape of Web3. It innovates. You know how many of these craps, you know, it's like we can all just, you know, we can all just copy-paste this, you know.

01:01:19
Because copy-paste any white paper, you just put it on and, you know, we're going to call it Crapcoin. Crapcoin. And then, you know, what is Crapcoin? Crapcoin is a blockchain network designed to facilitate cross-blockchain credit transactions and the building of credit histories. It shows the backbone for the decentralized credit market. You have to see it like that. You have to see it like this. We've got like, you know, let's say McDonald's. I hate McDonald's, by the way. I don't like McDonald's, but let me just tell you. What if there are like, you know, there are like a thousand McDonald's? They all do the same. They all make the same Big Macs, the same whatever. It's madness. What is this? All have. So, you know, at some point, you know, you know, you know.

01:02:11
That's why also, also, you know, I personally love shorting more than longing. And why do I love shorting more than longing? Because the narrative is a lot of bullshit. It's all bullshit. All these altcoins are just bullshit. It's just, you know, it's just a lot of crap. So basically, if you want to do it the safe way and know don't want to bother, what you do is you just, you know, just do whatever it is that you're doing in your life, you know. And, you know, at some point, just wait when MW calls the next stop. That's it. You just wait. Next. Okay. When MW calls the next stop, what you do is just this. You just, you know, okay, I've got, you know, I've got like 200K. I can use the 200K.

01:02:54
Come over here. You put it on those exchanges. Boom, boom, boom. Divide them a little bit on Bitinex, a little bit on Roving. Okay, there we go. Okay. What do we got? I've got this credit coin or whatever. Okay. Start shorting. that's going short short short short short short short short short short short short you got a whole list of shorts and then just forget about it close those close those uh just don't watch them don't look at them just go live your life come back when you know when mw tells oh guys we might flip bullish again on the micro and then you open up that you know open up you open up your account and then you look at it and then okay the 200k is now worth one

01:03:32
point nine million or three million or four million okay okay maybe it's no time to get someone it's just that easy and you know why because it's all these coins it's just it's just a lot of crap because you know if i have some connections with some you know with some teams some vcs Or market makers with some some marketing machine, and you know I've got crap coin, Crap. You know, if I would ever, ever start a meme coin or article, I would call it crap coin because whole crypto is crap. Guys, I know it's maybe not what you guys want me to say. You know, maybe you guys want to hear me say something else. But, you know, I, you know, I, you know. This is just the facts, guy.

01:04:21
It's just what it is. This is crypto. Listen, don't look at how we do things. We just make money, you know, up and down, and whatever the hype and the money flow is going, we just follow them. But if you would go to the fundamentals and to the, what is this actually? What are we buying here? You're buying a lot of crap. So I think that the most bullish coin in the world would be Crapcoin. That's what it's all about. It would be the best meme coin ever. Crap coin, and then in the description, all crypto projects are super overvalued and there are just a lot of crap. And this crap coin meme coin is showing you that crypto is just made to pause some scheme, whatever it is, and to wreck people up and down.

01:05:05
That's what crap coin is all about. I think that everyone in the world will be bullish about crap. Work the crap cone will be the new hype. Crap coin will be the new hatch. Crap coin is gonna make you a lot of money. Crap coin, crap coin, crap coin. I would buy really. I would buy a million bucks of off crap coin, you know why? Not crap coin because there ain't no other project that could be more bullish, you know. You know. Token 49 is coming, I think I'm... you know. I'm just coming. Go there and you know. I thought, okay, give me a little bit of speaking time. I'm launching a new coin. What is it called? Crap coin! Why? So you got all those believers, there you know.

01:05:47
You're talking for all those shells, all those scammers, all those... you know. All of them, all the lowest people, you know, in your life are out there. the biggest monsters the biggest wrecks and everything it's all there that day and then yeah well i'm launching crap coin it's the best ecosystem out there best meme going out there's a real the best it's an nft rwa it's it's a gaming it's framing everything it's all in one but what is it all about they got all those hungry eyes listening to me yeah well this is some new tech yeah what this coin is all about is that you guys all suck and you guys are all chillers scammers or whatever whole cryptos built on wrecking people all over the world and that's what this court is about

01:06:40
That's what this coin is about. It's about you guys. It's about crypto. That's what this coin is about. Crap coin. Does crap coin exist? Let's see if crap coin exists. I don't know. Maybe we need to get this coin. We need to get this coin. We need to get crap coin. No, there is no crap coin. So I see that Salsara joined us. Salsara, I want you to make sure that this domain is ours. Crap coin. We're going to launch crap coin. And, you know, I'm personally going to create liquidity for this crap coin. Crap coin. So it's all about crap coin. I want crap USDT listed on TradingView along all my partners. And I want crap coin. It's all about crap coin. And I will personally explain to them what it's all about.

01:07:26
It's the only way to reach people and to show them what crypto is all about. So, okay, crap coin. So it's not. So it's still, it's still, I don't know. You have to check. But I think that crap coin is still available. Okay, so that was about C2C. Let me go, let me go, let me go. By the way, guys, share your outcomes in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, share your outcomes that you want me to do in the, in the comments, please. I will do, I'll do some outcomes from you guys because I'm, I'm almost done. So we have this, we have this credit going wherever. So I wanted to show you guys something else. Where was it? Where was it? Where was it?

01:08:00
Oh yeah. There was someone asking me about this NK, this one, this one. So they told me, listen, MW, how does it look? How does it look? This is how it looks. See this? Yeah, well, MW, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, MW, well, yeah, well. No, not, I told you this. I told you exactly this, what you're seeing over here. I told you. What? Comes back to the indie. I told you this, and you know. And it's not about me pointing out, this is, since I told you about it, it's up 70% on spot, since I told you about it. But, you know, it's not about this coin. It's about a lot of them, because the big message was not about NCAN.

01:08:50
The message was, guys, you have to keep in mind that the coins that went up, they come down into the Indian and the daily, and those are the coins you have to start trading. But stop buying. That's the bullish case. So, yeah, that's about that. So I'm going to do some, you know, I'm going to do some coins from the live stream. Let me see. I've got some questions or something. What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? CRV, okay. So what do we got? What do we got? Yes, I will ask them. I will ask them. I will ask them. I will check. I will check. I will check today, by the way. I keep, I will check today. So, whatever.

01:09:37
I've seen this Alpaca. I've seen it today. I was eyeing it today. I saw it was on really big volume. But Alpaca, this Alpaca USDT, I saw it was on pretty high volume. It's a finance, also fine. But, you know, you have to be careful here, bro. Let me tell you why you have to be careful. Because I think that you're interested in shorting this. That's what I think. Right? Oh, Kappa. You want to short this. You know, it's. What? What? What? What? What? I saw it. I think I saw it. But this is, in my opinion, not a coin to short. This is the volume, the market is just too low and too dangerous. I don't even know if it's available on exchange, but I would, you know.

01:10:30
I would, if you're interested in this, just trade it on the Indy. Just put the Indy on, you know, here, one hour. See this? Okay, let's go. And then, or you put it on the 50 minutes. Okay, let's go. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And now you wait for it. If it closed below, above it, then you, there you go. So I'm not interested in, you know, you cannot, you can, especially guys, you have to keep in mind that we just closed bullish on the markets and, you know, and money is flowing into crypto in big numbers as we speak so you have to be very careful with your shorts. You have to be very careful by not starting to look too much for shorts; I would look for the longs, focus on the longs because you know, I teach you this now for months and I'm teaching you this for months, and you know when it's very simple: look at this how this thing closed.

01:11:24
Look above the indie also in the green. You have to focus on longs. It doesn't matter how you're feeling, bearish, bullish; it doesn't matter. But if this thing, if this thing on Friday closes up over here, even though it's at pretty high resistance, but that's another story, but you have to focus on the longs. Because longs might explode. Boom, boom, boom. You'll see a lot of altcoins. Boom, boom, boom. Koreans, Binance, BTC pairs flipping. You have to focus on the longs. It's not time to focus on shorts. Wait for it. Just wait for it. Wait for it. If the charts will validate and show you that it's time to focus on shorts, that's when we go focus on shorts.

01:12:10
But as long as these guys are not showing us that any shorts are flipping, and especially with me being bullish about crypto, money flowing in, you have to be very careful with those shorts. Be very careful. Focus on the longs. There are so many longs. So many longs are getting created over here. So what are you doing? Focus on the longs. Focus on the money flow. Focus on the top 10 volume coins that are getting on GTC Insider. Focus on those ones. That's how you're going to make a lot of money. That's how you're going to make a lot of money. Let's see, what is this? It's an at-a-glance look at this; we had a nasty what, a nasty chart, these Koreans-they really now you got this, another keep, another volume very high, auto by the way, here we got Arkham, so where is this upbeat look, how upbeat is trading Arkham, what is this?

01:13:14
This isn't this; this is this isn't liquidity that's why the chart is looking like this, you know, look at this, what is this chart, What is this? ARK. Oh, ARK, by the way, ARK. But I want to talk about ARK. ARK is so disappointing. ARK is so disappointing, you know. I feel ARK, you know, ARK really, you know, ARK is really one of those coins that really should make like that 1-200% rise up at the right time. But it's, you know, come on, bro, come on. Make that be why and you know, these Koreans are also so stupid. Why are they not pumping arc? You know, they did it a little bit over here, but you know Meet the pump are much more. Come on Need to pop back.

01:14:08
So what about what about what please? Okay, so what lead what need was well, well, well eat what it are you the owner of? Wall wall wall eat wall Walid, just tell me, please, bro. Is this your coin? Are you just asking me for this coin so you, you know, so you're just shilling your own bag over here, Walid? Is that what you're doing? Walid, tell me. Tell me, Walid. Is this your coin? Is this you trying, is this you trying to, you know, to pump your own bag over here, your own project? One lead is interested in wall Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa. Let me let me see. Well, let me see well, you know, we already we already traded Well, didn't we I think we already traded this?

01:15:08
I'm one lead, one lead, one lead, one lead, my one lead, my brother, my brother, one lead, my brother, one lead, my brother, one lead,

01:15:20
Let's see, Valit, Valit, Valit, Valit, Valit, why, why are you doing this, Valit, why are you doing this, Valit?

01:15:56
I feel like training today. I don't know why. You know, when you get sick and, you know, then, you know, you feel better. Then, you know, you got this energy. Oh, I lead, lead, lead, lead, lead, lead. Walid, Walid, Walid. Walid, I think this is a good short. Not now. Not now. Wait for it. But I think maybe at the Dutch afternoon. I think, Walid, you are on to something. I think you are on to something, Walid. No problem. I think that Walid is, by the way, guys, Walid is really focused. And Waleed is really focused on trading. And, you know, I think that Waleed will become one of those traders. But, you know, I think you have one, two, three.

01:16:57
I think that if you would want to short this over here, I think it would be a good call. Let me explain to you how you're going to do this. Don't just short it. Just, oh, I want to short. Because, you know, if too many shorts get open, this thing just flies up. You have to understand this. And, you know, I cannot repeat myself enough. So, okay, if that will happen, MW should. Because especially also, it's not a new all-time high. But wait a minute. This wall is very interesting. Very interesting wall. Well, you know what I like. You know what I like. You know what I like. I like this one. I like this one. Premium? Wait a minute. I'm not premium. Let me see. This is the. This is the this is the Binance chart. This is the Binance Binance. So this is the chart from Binance Binance from Binance. How did Janet? I forget how Janet Yellen called Binance. But was it Binance? Binance or Binance? No, Binance. So if Binance, Binance has been. So let me see. Let me see. What do I got over here? What do I got over here? So this is another chart.

01:18:23
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. So, you got this rejection over here. Now, we've got this rejection over here. Yeah. If it gets back into the red zone, it could make you a lot of money. Yes, for sure. So, risk-reward, I would be interested in shorting this. And by the way, if you just don't go, you know, I'm very afraid to say certain things sometimes. You know why? Because, you know, we've got some sick people on the retail fan that own a lot of money. And then, you know, they just open up a huge, huge short. And then, you know, then the bells go off. And then when the bells go off, you know, they will ramp it up.

01:19:08
So it's very hard for me to say things, you know, because if I say things too loudly, some people, oh, let's go. He just puts in like 500k short on Wall Street; it's you know I have to bury cap so the only thing I can do is I can show you, okay? Well, this is looking good guys, it's looking good, so if this thing comes back so uh this was the white shirt by the way, so if it comes back so that's what it is. So uh, uh, what do we got more, okay? We got Always; oh, so what did Always do? Actually after the last time that we talked about it, what did Always do? What did Always do with it? It's the key coin charts. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay.

01:19:52
Oh, it's nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. When did we talk about? When was it? It was like, you know, you've got this also this token 49 coming up, you know, the Solana gang will start shilling, whatever it is, the show. So it's like 60% up, but you know, it's dead. it isn't it ain't that special because most of the coins did much better than that and by the way guys you have to also keep in mind so when you see this altcoin romping up when you see these altcoins romping up by the way guys you have to you have to keep in mind that you know this happened because it's not about your altcoins look at this guys so basically you need to understand that from the moment that we bought in over here

01:20:46
Look at this boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom So this is also by the way about layer Because layer has also doing similar things because if you would go to for layer for the layer get 7 April 7th of April do I got a layer chart over here? Yes, yeah, oh no, this is from okey except Let me use let me use let me use this. Let me let me use oh it's still going there so let me use let me use let me use this one so 7th of April this was 7th of April so over here so it was layer was just going over whatever and actually from the moment that we bought in this is when layer started pumping look at this so it's basically it's just it's just following bitcoin so it's following what bitcoin is doing it's it's like the bots are just following the bitcoin moves That's what you're seeing over here.

01:21:48
This is basically what you're seeing over here. Oh, we broke above this level by the way. So this is basically what you're seeing over here. So this is layer is just doing what Bitcoin is doing. And if you watch this one you would connect Bitcoin to Layer. This is not the time to be afraid. This is the time to you know to start you know Well how's Leia doing right away? Leia Leia Leia Leia Leia. How is Leia doing? Okay so it's heading into the three bucks. All right, that's nice. So Leia is just doing, actually also just following this thing. What do we got more? What do we got more? Atom. Yes, that's a good one. That's the last one, by the way, guys. Now I'm going to close it up because I've got some other things to do. Atom, Atom, Atom. Atom over here.

01:22:51
You know, what I'm seeing an atom is that you know the sellers are exhausted over here so there aren't a lot of sellers anymore at these levels. It didn't hit my zone by the way, didn't get filled on it but it's also you know I think that Autumn meets a little bit of marketing and I don't know what the team is doing but Autumn is yeah it's there's no volume there's not much big power over here because these moves I think these are just bots doing whatever it is they're doing so this is uh yeah this is just bots doing whatever this they're doing and uh yeah I think that Atom atom needs a little bit of momentum and I didn't get filled on it so that sucks also I didn't get filled on Autumn, that sucks.

01:23:37
See missed it, missed it, I missed I missed the three bucks because I've got an order 3. 1 I think you know and over here 3. Why, why, why, why, okay guys so for the I would I would really focus on loans today uh do as explained and you know just trade the indie and I think that we can get some a lot more bullish momentum today for a lot of altcoins so just focus on those loans and uh by tomorrow to Sunday afternoon that's why you have to be careful take your profits secure, secure your profit, take profit and secure profits the same way, by the way. So that's what you got to do and then let's see how Monday is going to work out because for now it's very simple guys we uh although these freaking uh wheels on the weekly but oh by the way I want to show you this on the weekly because we We retested over here on the weekly one, two.

01:24:35
So we're now going for number three. So if number three is going to work out on the weekly, oh, that could give crypto even more bullish momentum, just like I told you on Monday. So that's something. But on the daily, over here on the daily, we also closed above the indie again. And let me show you guys the VIX while we're at it. The VIX, you know, these, you know. Look at this. Look at this. The Beverly Hills game. The Beverly Hills Gang, guys, look at them. Look at them. Look what they do. These guys, they make so much money. It's really mind-blowing. Look at this. They make millions, if not billions, over here. They make millions, if not billions, over here.

01:25:22
They made millions of bills over here and over here and over here and over here, you know, you know. If every time when this VIX goes uh to the 50 range or 70 range, it's basically free money for them; it's secure money, and they just make really billions on it because the VIX cannot even hold uh two three days over there. Every time when it goes up, it dumps down. You have to see it like this: someone is in a big butt, and he's trying to climb out of it, like Batman. You know, Batman begins when he wants to climb out of it. And every time he climbs, and then boom down. He climbs, and then boom down. He climbs, and then boom down. It's the same. This VIX.

01:26:09
Every time up, boom down. So they just short the crap out of this every freaking time again. And they're making millions. Is Trump going to stop them? I don't think so. Is there anyone else in the world that can stop this these guys? I don't think so, the pressure is just too big, look at this, look at this, look at this, but while we're eyeing this, look where we're heading, we're heading back into you know where, we spend a lot of time and when things will get a little bit more dangerous for the bulls, so we're heading into there, so I think that this comes beautifully together with If you want to connect the dots, this comes beautifully together with this one. So even if you would break, so we've got like this, you know, what is it?

01:26:56
We've got like this, you know, the 60 to 100 points up. And then, oh, what I'm saying is more, is more and W. Yeah, 60 will take it to 600. Yes. So 60 to, yeah, 60 to 100, 120. So in the most, most, most, most bullish case. We might hit the 800, but this is really most most bullish case in my opinion; I could be totally wrong and how many times do I get it wrong? So, the first level is where we are now, let's see how this one if they might if they can push it up then you know uh 666, 76, 80, this is the level to watch so we still got a lot a little bit of space to rise even more guys, so uh for the boost this is looking super good uh, so yeah that's what I'm telling you; focus please focus please focus focus focus focus on focus on the focus on the on the altcoins use the freaking indicator focus on the altcoins and focus on the longs especially dogs. Thanks for watching have a nice one and bye.