*** Live Stream 04-21-2025 Altcoin Season closer than ever before !! *** 

00:00:01
welcome welcome welcome mw i'm welcome again to waiting crypto welcome with the phone gonna do a live stream you know when i think it's time for a live stream i'll do a live stream because it's very important to say something you know and to give you guys a little bit of thoughts so a lot is happening that the the dxy has been uh losing support and you know it's you know a lot of people probably think okay well whatever but you know it's really a big change and also uh will uh have some impact on crypto and uh you know well i have to explain guys how i see it and how i think that uh the dxy will have a lot of impact on crypto and how we're Gonna act on it and how I'm gonna act on it, not you, I'll never tell you what you have to do, I'll only tell you what I'm gonna do.

00:00:53
So that's what we're going to talk about. Salsara is not with us today. I think she's sleeping. So, you know, it's very early. I also think that most of the Reto fam are sleeping. So for the ones that are with me over here, I don't know what. Let me know in the chat. Where are you guys from? What countries are you from? So I'm very interested to know where you guys are. So while the music is running. So share me what countries are you guys from? I'm very interested that you are with me on this time of the day. So, okay, let the music run. Boom, boom.

00:03:48
We got El Floreado, we got El Floreado, the person who took your top dog. We got this pop, we got Peter, we got Wally, we got Mijar, Christian, we got Pip, Steve, Zvon, Kurvoz, Snowy, we got Kawai, we got Alien, Hugh, hey, what time is it in the USA? Long and six, oh, this is Bob, this is Hugh. To say it, but you know I'm gonna say it the music's still running, guys! I know that it's funny; something I want to say my opinion is just my opinion, so, so it's no law. I think the people who wake up early are the most successful people in the world the ones that like to sleep until 9 a. m 10 a.m. m whatever i think that Those are not the successful people in the world.

00:04:52
I think the real successful people are always, like, 5, 6 a . m. they're awake. Yes, they are. You can agree to disagree. South Africa. South Africa. What do we got? We got New Zealand. Okay, we got Australia, India. Netherlands. Early bird. What do we got? We got Switzerland. Australia from Pip. We got Lord. We got Michael Gorba from the Czech. republic nice nice nice nice nice teacher from croatia oh that's yeah croatia we got peter from aussie oh it's 3 30 p . m so actually for the for the horses this is a great time this is a great time despite street it's for the horses oh uh what do we got what do we got what do we got what do we got we got we took off yeah you know i'm you know how you know germany germany oh salarino also awake from germany that's great so On my way to work.

00:05:49
Oh, okay. Well, I'm sorry for that, bro. Top Doc, Lorena, Benjamin. You would say best times. Okay, best times. It's tasty. I got Ian Carr. I got Margarita Lopez. I got Piotr. We got Johan. Appeldoorn. Appeldoorn. Appeldoorn, my man, my bro. We got Richard from New Zealand. We got Gizzy Stan from Lisbon. I know the music is out of blue. I know. Taiwan. Oh my God, Taiwan. We've got Taiwan in here. Is crypto allowed in Taiwan, by the way? Is crypto allowed in Taiwan? It's something I want to know. Can you trade crypto over there? So we've got Russia. Oh, great. Also got Russian Lithuania.

00:06:59
I love this, by the way. You cannot imagine how much I love it; you know, Honduras, even Honduras is over here, you know, this is this is exactly this is exactly what you know, this is so important because I want to say this, I want to say this, I need to say this, you know. Um, there's a lot of hate in the world and there's a lot of racism, a lot of discrimination in the world, etc., you know. I don't believe in all that crap; in my opinion, it's... When you see racists, when you see people hating religions, when you see people hating people because they are black, yellow, red, whatever. This is how I see it. I'm going to explain this now: how I see it.

00:07:56
I think that there is a big elite in the world, rich people, super, super rich people. They infect us; they vaccinate us to hate each other. Because when people hate each other, that's when they will benefit from it. You know, because. Money has no color; you know, you have to see it like this. Let me give you guys just an example. For example, I don't know, someone hates a Muslim or someone hates a black guy because of his color or because of, or hates a Jew or whatever. You know, at some point, if that same neighbor would come to the, go to that neighbor, he'd tell him, listen, bro, you hate me because I'm a Jew. You hate me because I'm Muslim. You hate me because I'm black. Okay, no problem.

00:08:38
You hate me. Let me tell you, I'm going to do business with you. And we both can make a lot of money together. That hate will disappear in a second. It's gone. That hate is gone. So you have to see it like this, guys. You have to see it like this. You know, hate is for the stupid people in the world. People that hate each other because they have another culture, they have another religion, they have another color. It doesn't matter. They hate each other. You know, I can see this now in Dubai. For example, in Dubai, you can see this very good because in Dubai, you've got a lot of, you know, wealthy people over here. Those wealthy people, they respect the Muslims. They respect the Jews. They respect the Christians.

00:09:21
They respect everything. You know why? Because they are not stupid and they are not busy with hating each other for whatever ridiculous reason out there. Their only focus is, 'How are we going to make money so we can remain successful, so we can remain and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.' So, people that hate other people. For nothing, basically, because they have another religion, color, or whatever. It's because they're just stupid. And they are, you know, they're not, you know, they're not tunnel vision. And they're, you know, they're filled with hate. Miserable lives. Miserable lives. You know, I love everyone in the world. I love everyone in the world. I love people. I don't give a crap where you come from, how you look like, what your color is, what your religion is.

00:10:04
I don't give a crap. I love people. People have to be honest people, good people that want to make a living for themselves, that want to make a living for their children, that want to be successful, that want their families to have good things, they want their children to be successful, education, you know, just be happy in life. You know, there is no space for hate. And especially not because someone how is looking or whatever it is. It's really mind-blowing. But okay, okay, so. MW for world leader. No, no, bro. I hate politics. You know, I hate, hate, hate, hate politics. You know, I'm not, you know, I'm not out there for politics. I don't give a crap about politics. You know, I, you know, I'm all about making money.

00:10:51
You know, that's me. That's me. I'm about economics. I'm about, you know, making gains, making money. That's what I care about. So, okay. So basically guys, let me start it off. Let me start it off. So thank you so much, everyone. For joining in so basically, you know, I've been you know, I've been thinking a lot last night I've been analyzing markets for a lot of hours while you guys are probably sleeping and you know It's it's you have to see it like this guys This is this is this is the DXY losing support. No, I've pointed this out already I'm gonna be honest with you. I didn't expect this to dump as it's dumping now, so I didn't expect it. So I really thought that they would at least give a good fight.

00:11:41
Look at this, guys. Guys, this is, by the way, you know, you guys know me. I'm always predicting markets, always analyzing markets. But there is one thing I just can't figure out. I can't figure out what Trump is doing. I just can't figure it out. I know what the rest of the world is doing. I know. I just can't figure out what Trump is doing. And let me explain exactly what I want to say. So, the DXY, you know, it's already very weak. And it's already getting attacked from more than half of the world. You know, China, Russia, the BRICS, petrol dollar, Saudis, Iran, etc., etc. So the dollar is already very weak. The dollar is also, at this moment, they cannot, you know, they're already raising rates like crazy and holding the line, Powell, at this moment.

00:12:34
So the dollar will not drop even more. But, you know, Trump is, instead of defending the dollar, because that's, in my opinion, what he has been doing past decades, but now. It's like he's like, you know what, let the dollar crash. I don't know. I just don't get it. Because he wants to get rid of Powell. But Powell is the only one defending the dollar for now. So what is Trump doing? Because this is, by the way, now the fear that is in the markets, guys. You have to understand what the fear in the market is. The fear in the markets is the fact that Powell, that people are afraid that when Powell goes out, some other one comes in, and he starts cutting rates, this US dollar could crash.

00:13:21
Guys, this is super important what I'm saying now. Listen please listen to me. This is super, super dangerous. This is uh let me say this-you don't get me very scared now. You know a lot has to happen to get me scared, but I'm scared. You guys, you know. I'm no fan of the US dollar because you know they're just printing it and a lot of debt. But it doesn't change the fact that the US dollar is ruling the world. And if the dollar will crash, everything in the world will crash. So you have to keep this in mind. What we're also seeing is that normally when you see the US dollar crash, you would see the stocks rise. That's also something we're not seeing now. This is even more frightening.

00:14:14
For the ones that have been following me for a big while, you already know-that uh that that I told you when you see u . So, a dollar crushing and you see the stocks crushing at the same time, that's when you have to be scared, so this is number two uh for ones that have been following me for a while also, you know what my biggest bag is? My biggest bag, what I'm uh invested uh, it's no secret, I'm not hiding. This is silver and the and the Japanese yen um, if you would go to the Japanese yen, um, what is it? What are you hiding? It just doesn't matter, are you come over here, look guys, my basically my second biggest bag is now pumping like crazy so MWR, are you so sad?

00:15:15
You are just nailing it like you're always nailing it. Yes, I know, I made huge profits. I'm in big, super, super big profits. But it doesn't change the fact that it's, you know, I'm worried. I'm worried. And while I'm worried, why am I worried? You have to understand. It's not about, you know, for me, you know, I'm making a lot of money over here, because this is my second biggest bet. But it's not about that. It's about, I'm worried, where are we going? Because, you know, I need to see where are we going. I need to see the direction. I need to see what's going on. And at this moment, what Trump is doing, I just, you know, I'm not seeing it. What is his plan? Because you have to see it like this.

00:16:03
I already said this. If the DXY, if he will push it down even more. There is a big possibility that we cannot recover from that. Because I know it's just like, you know, the BRICS, this is a big opportunity for them. And the BRICS are coming. Either you like it or not, it doesn't matter; the BRICS are coming. So, China is not backing down. China is, you know, China is, you know, it was very, it was. It was very funny. I was listening to some economic Einsteins in the world, and they said, and then the question came up: if the DXY has no values crashing, if the stocks will crash, so where are you going to put your money? What are you going to buy? And then, you know, this very respected economic.

00:17:09
investor he told them i think that china you have to invest in china and i was laughing you guys always come like two three one month later than mw says something you know it's so funny these guys you know these guys are the highest respected people in the world economic people how is it possible that i always am like one two three months before them how is that possible but either way this is frightening because we didn't cut any rates we didn't know this thing will fall like crazy and you know for the gpy for the gpy because gpy is the one that is marching uh as crazy over here um we're reaching the red zone over here so this will be some kind of some sort of you know resistance over here in this red zone so i'll by the way guys i don't you know you have to understand me as a trader I'm a trader, you know I'm an 80% trader, 20% investor.

00:18:12
I will take profits if we get into the red zone. I'll take profits just when I do, you know. Even though um, everything is looking at the fact that we could just blow above this red zone. I'm just saying because let me zoom out for you guys to understand why I, you know. This chart has been here by the way for months maybe even years so you have to understand this because you guys are seeing this now and think okay yeah well okay whatever but you, you are not seeing the bigger picture look at the bigger picture, look, look at the bigger picture of it. Seeing this? Look at this guy's you see how the From 2012, how the US dollar has been destroyed in the Japanese yen, you know how much this is, guys?

00:19:03
This is 53%. That's a lot, guys. The US dollar has been destroying the yen with 53%. So, this rise up is nothing. It could even reach these levels over here, guys. It could reach these levels over here. 97%. And we're still very far away. So the DXY will suffer from this. Because let me show you something else. Let me show you this one. Where is it? We're going to talk about crypto in a moment because I've got, look at this, guys. Look, this is the euro. Look at this. The euro is, you know, going bananas. People are flipping US dollars. I think this is Europe itself, by the way. Look at this. Because the euro is also, by the way, since we're talking about the euro against the US dollar, also 40% down.

00:20:02
This is also, you know, so basically this euro could march up over here to these levels to start with. And when we see the euro bumping, the euro should be very, it has always been like this. When the euro starts bumping up, stocks also start bumping up, but they are not. Okay. So basically, this is now what, you know, when I want you, when I wanted you, let me first of all start explaining you guys why I think what I am. But let me now go to something that will probably surprise you-now what I'm going to say now. This will probably surprise you, what I'm going to say now. And this free fall, I think, I think that at some point when, you know, when there's big money, they don't have. The NVIDIAs, the micro strategies. They don't have the Amazons. They don't have to hold the US dollar. To buy gold, it's too expensive. So what are they going to do with their money? Now comes the very dangerous thing that I think.

00:21:22
Wait a minute before we got this one as someone who lives in Japan, the yen is extremely weak with an engaging problem, listen bro, listen bro Timothy, listen you it's not about the narrative if the yen is weak or not weak or the economy of Japan is weak, bro, you have to understand me; no hard feelings, I don't give a freak about that for me; it's only about making gains and if the yen is for me the way against the US dollar It's making me 30, 40% in my portfolio. There's nothing weak about the yen. So you can say the yen is weak. US dollar is also weak. So you have to compare them to each other, you know; that's what it's all about. But again, you can agree to disagree.

00:22:10
So now comes the most important thing is this. I think that when people You know when people with money they have no clue what they do with their money anymore, I think that crypto could be an answer. Yes, I think that crypto could be an answer because if you know, if you can't buy this, the money has to go somewhere. People have, you know, people are hungry to you know to invest their money somewhere. So when you got all these, you know, crypto, the facts are there that, you know, the world is, you know, embracing crypto. Crypto is getting all over. Okay, crypto this, crypto that. So I think that crypto could be one of the answers to invest some money in, to make some gains.

00:23:06
Because, you know, if I can't make my money on Nvidia making a 10x in two years, well. I can make it on Ethereum, for example. Why not go into something? So you have to see it like this. It's, you know, the money, there is a big bag of money and it's getting squeezed and people, you know, they don't know what direction this money has to go to. So crypto could be the, you know, crypto could be the answer. And, you know, if that money starts flowing in, we might get those 2021. You know, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I think this is what I think. And you guys are here with me because you want to know what I think. This is what I think.

00:23:54
I think that crypto is, I think that crypto could be an answer to this. If you don't know anymore where, you know, when, when, when. I think that crypto could be an answer. And let me show you exactly what I mean. Because, by the way, guys, I was thinking about this. I was analyzing last night, and then I went to sleep. But, you know, when I woke up, it was, you know, exactly as I thought it was showing me on the charts. Because look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Let me get a clean chart. Let me get a clean chart. So let me remove this. Go away. Let me show. Let me give you guys an example why what I was analyzing last night. It basically, it happened.

00:24:43
And, you know, this is what happened. So what time was it? When I was analyzing it, it was, I was over here. This is where it was when I was analyzing this. And, you know, I also told my friend, yes, I told him we're going to get a little bit of that Dutch afternoon. I think that Bitcoin will pump after it. Look at this. So we've got this one. It's a four-hour candle. Let's see this. It's one, two, three, four, five four-hour candles. Uh, look at this, um, let me do it like this, I need to get myself some clean shots. Look at this guys, wow, I've seen this are you seeing this one, two, three, are you seeing this?

00:25:28
Look at this so basically what we're seeing now is that Bitcoin is outperforming the US 500 at this moment, so it's, you know, the thing that I was thinking about yesterday before I went to sleep, we're seeing it on a chart now. It happened after it and this is, in my opinion, why I think that at some point, you know, the money will come into crypto because, you know, gold is too expensive. Although I think that gold will go higher, people will just buy gold. But Bitcoin is not that high. So I think that Bitcoin. That bitcoin, you know, it's it's it's it's it's you know it's it's it's a little bit of a

00:26:19
risky thesis, but I think that bitcoin will find some momentum and when I say bitcoin, I'm not talking about bitcoin because now comes my second thesis because you know I think that bitcoin uh will make a rise up, I'm not saying that it will not make a rise but I think that after bitcoin I think that the money will not flow into bitcoin, I think that most of the money will flow into altcoins. So this rise up, this huge candle up, it's just people flipping their, you know, I'm going to show you also over here. Look at this. I seen this. This USDT is back to the US dollar. So it's not, you know, it's going down. So when it goes down, a lot of USDT people, they don't want their value of the US dollar going down.

00:27:04
So they flip it into Bitcoin or other altcoins, whatever. So they just flip it. And that's what we saw always. So we had this trend line holding from uh, because you can, you can, you know, I can remove this one; you can say that we were holding over here from this is from uh basically from when uh, uh, when Trump became president and we just lost this timeline; this I seen this; we lost it over here. And then you know, so what we're seeing is and this is logic, also guys; this is not you know when you see the DXY dumping, wait a minute, why am I holding this crap? It could dump my, you know, the value of my US dollar could just dump with 10% in two, three days. What am I doing? So let's flip it into Bitcoin or into altcoins or whatever. So that's what we're seeing now. So this, what you're seeing over here, this rise up, what is it? So this rise up that you're seeing over here, this is just people flipping their US dollar into Bitcoin just to be safe, to not get, you know, to not get dumped on.

00:28:14
Why do you think the dollar doesn't go to gold? Gold is super expensive, bro. I already said it. Silver is just still, you know, silver is my biggest bag, by the way. But silver is still super cheap. But this is what is going on now. So it's, in my opinion, there is really a switch going on over here. And this could explode because, you know, you have to see it like this. What we have been seeing. With the Koreans they already started this like two weeks ago, I was talking by the way to another influencer and I told him, bro, I've been showing my retail firm for two weeks now about these Koreans-why is nobody on City talking about this? What's going on with you guys?

00:28:59
Well, the answer was exactly just like I told you-they're not getting paid to talk about it. But so, These Koreans, they started this already. So, Koreans are starting these pumps up on the altcoins. I think this is only a start. I think this is really only a start. And we saw yesterday, because this is also, because let me take you now to the next, where am I, you know, you want my end game, how I'm seeing it. This is what I'm seeing. We saw also yesterday. On these candles over here, we saw that several altcoins were pumping on Binance. And I explained to you yesterday, it's not new money flowing. It was really Bitcoin getting flipped against them. But look at these guys. I think, I really think, this is what I think.

00:29:49
This is my endgame. This is what I'm eyeing now. Where are you? Look at this, guys. I want you guys all to take like two minutes. Just look at it. That's all I'm asking. Just look at it. Just, you know, silent. Not silent. I'm going to give you guys a little bit of music. And I want you guys all to take like two minutes or one minute and watch this thing. Just look at this chart. That's what I do. I look at it for like hours. You guys just look at it for a minute.

00:30:57
okay so basically what you you know you know you know by the way uh cool cool cool cool i don't convince people you have to do whatever it is that you want to do but you i didn't finish my my ideas i didn't finish my my analyze yet you need to wait and never do things that you know you have to do it on your own so i i'm just over here to show you guys uh what i think my thoughts and what you do for yourself that's on you and be very careful with silver by the way because silver is is super cheap but the dollar is also super down so any any any bounce on the us dollar could could get uh silver down by the way i never buy silver if the us dollar is very down i always buy silver on the us dollars very high but you know that's for another stream so look at this guys are you guys seeing this This is Ethereum versus Bitcoin.

00:31:51
Ethereum versus Bitcoin, guys. Look at this. Just look at this. Let me just take, for example, let me just take 2017. Are you seeing this, guys? Are you seeing this? Just look at this. This is, I don't know if you can see it, it's 90% down. 90 down, 90, 90, so 90 down; I know that you know Bitcoin has been adopted as a you know, the digital gold, whatever this Bitcoin dad Michael Saylor says that there's no second best, whatever, whatever; but you have to keep in mind that Ethereum also has been adopted past months years and years. Ethereum has got you know, something that works. Bitcoin has got something, the blockchain, that doesn't work. Well, at least it works, but it works very badly.

00:32:52
And I know that there are better chains working, even better than Ethereum. Let's talk about Solana, talk about Surrey, talk about a lot of chains out there. But this ETH, she's still the queen. So ETH has been, you know, they have been dumping it a lot, by the way. But I think that you know I think that it's almost time and I think that it's time to start focusing over here because you know if you missed the Bitcoin pump with the sport ETFs and etc don't miss the ETH pump because I think that ETH will, you know, just look where we are, you know, by the way it's only six or seven percent left

00:33:41
reach my my box by the way guys I've been showing this box from over here somewhere I don't know when I've been showing this this this this chart for four years now and I was always telling people listen prepare yourself prepare yourself prepare yourself so let me take it a step further let me take it a step further so basically what we're seeing over here so we've got this bottom over here fine So this would be a huge. This is, by the way, on the monthly, guys. This is the monthly chart. This is the monthly chart, which you're seeing over here. So don't expect Ethereum to just go up the next two hours or tomorrow or next week. This is the monthly chart. Listen, guys, look at this.

00:34:26
This move, this move is huge. This is, you know, this is what you're seeing over here. And, you know. You have to see it like this. People that are owning a lot of Bitcoin. Is it time to start flipping some of your Bitcoin into Ethereum? I don't know. But you just check this chart. And why is this chart so important to us? This chart is super important to us. Why? Because this is altcoin season. What you're seeing over here, this is formal level this is what you have been missing in the you know we had we had the bull cycle um but it was you know it was only Bitcoin doing whatever it is that it was doing.

00:35:20
Altcoins, you know they you know they they went a little bit up but this is altcoins that you're seeing over here so if if if Eth would just just reach this level Every single one of you guys will be financially independent. That's it. That's it. Every single one of you guys. At least if you own some altcoins. If you're going to buy some altcoins, trade altcoins. Do the MW style. You'll get even. Is there something more than financially getting financially independent? I don't know. I don't know. But this is, you know, this is the orange juice on the earth. This is the orange juice on the earth. Because you cannot imagine all the money that has been flowing into Bitcoin. That's a fact.

00:36:07
And if that money will flip into all these cheap altcoins, those will make really boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. If you will be, you know, you cannot even, you know, at some point you will not. I don't know how many of you guys have seen the previous cycles and altcoin seasons. But, you know, this, guys, this is it. What you're seeing over here. And look how close we are to the box. And then, you know, what does this mean for Bitcoin? Because, you know, the best case scenario for Bitcoin is Bitcoin is this. This is Bitcoin. Bitcoin has to be, you know, ranging. Let me use this chart for you guys. Because, you know, but Bitcoin will fly. No, no, Bitcoin could dump down to 60K.

00:36:57
It might be, you know, but it will not change anything. So Bitcoin could reach this level here. And you've got this, let me just say, let me just show you guys for example, I don't think, but let's let's just say something like, let's just say something like this. Let's take 95 so if Bitcoin, well, you know, well, if we're going to get it, Bitcoin needs to go like this, you know, it needs to go sideways, it needs to go sideways. This is what Bitcoin needs to do in the meantime, and even if Bitcoin would dump down to 60k in my opinion, it's gonna be your biggest buying opportunity ever, ever, ever, so basically what I'm saying over here is is that on the next drop on the next dump, I'm going to load up.

00:38:02
So, I took profits from the previous dump, but I'm going to load up and I'm going to load up even heavier this time and only on altcoins and ETH. So, these are the words I'm going to load up. So, this is what I'm going to do. And in the meantime, if we don't dump, because now the money is flowing into Bitcoin, as you guys are seeing, it's really pushing over here. And I think Bitcoin could really make a strong move up today, by the way, guys, keep that in mind. So, Bitcoin, you know, let me show you guys. So, this is our chart. This is what we traded. So, we shorted the crap out of this. We bought over here. We took profits over here. And now it’s rising up over here.

00:38:45
So basically, now this is my plan. Let me explain to you my plan. My plan is this. So for now, if this thing wants to rise up even more. It's just trading. Long, short, long, short, long, short. Short the FOMO, long the momentum down, the money flow. But in the meantime, but, you know, I'm going to wait. I'm going to wait because at some point, this thing will retrace. Everyone is going to retrace. I don’t care if it’s going to be 82K or it’s going to be 79K or it’s going to be 74K. I don’t care. But I’m going to buy it up very heavy. I’m going to buy very heavy in a lot of altcoins. Then you can ask me, but what altcoins are you going to buy in W?

00:39:28
I'm going to show you in a moment. So, and I'm going to explain to you also why I'm going to buy them. So basically what happens is, you know, you've got this Bitcoin now finding some of them because of the DXY, just like I explained to you in the beginning of the stream. But suppose that we're going to get a retread because you always get this, you know, if the wheels want to buy in, they're going to dump this down for you. So they're going to push it down. So if this thing is going to push down, this is what I'm interested in. So first of all, ETH. You don't have to discuss ETH or physical ETH. So, if you want safe heaven, if you want safe ETH, then you can tell me, oh, but ETH is dying.

00:40:03
Yeah, whatever. I know those stories. I heard them before. I'm buying ETH. You know, what they're telling you is for them. I'm telling you I'm buying ETH. So in case you want to know, you want to know what I'm doing, that's why you're here, I'm buying ETH. So, ETH. It's very important also, uh, while you're gonna decide what you want to buy if you're gonna get that retrace or you want to trade it because, you know, the markets don't wait for us. If they don't want to retrace, they're going to ramp it up before the retrace. So I'm going to trade it. You know, I'm an 80 trader so... But now is the time to start looking for the big caps in my opinion. So, the smokers will also pump up, by the way.

00:40:47
I'm not saying that they won't, but if you are, especially for a high volume trader, it's now time to start focusing on the big apps because, in my opinion, most of the Bitcoin will flow into those ones. So, first of all, we got this tao Tao is finding some momentum, uh, against, uh, Bitcoin, the past two weeks also, a lot of shilling reeling, whatever it is so... Tao is over here finding some momentum. And DAO is, by the way, against Bitcoin. This chart, you know, it still has got a lot of space to go. Then we got this one also. This is the previous, I think, this is previous FDM. So this thing has been going sideways against Bitcoin also very strongly. So this is also one that is on my radar.

00:41:32
So as Sonic, I think it's Sonic, I think, as FDM, whatever. So then we got BNB. BNB is, you know, BNB is just a monster. You know, BNB, you know, BNB is at very high levels. By the way, don't look at this chart. This is the real chart. Are you seeing this? BNB is at very high levels. BNB, you know, BNB is the market leader. BNB is the market maker. BNB is everything. They decide if this thing goes up or down. But BNB also, you know, it has got a lot of power to rise up because, you know, this is just Binance. Binance, CZ, if, you know, if dominance is going to drop, I'm going to pump my BNB. It's that simple. It doesn't even matter what the chart is.

00:42:10
You know, even if it would be over here. If diamonds will start dumping, Binance will start just romping up their BNB. It's, you know, it's that simple. So, let me talk about, for example, say. Say, by the way, guys, say I like this chart. I'm going to show you exactly why. And I'm going to tell you what I like and what I don't like. Because, first of all, we had this, you know, we had this, I think this Trump Foundation started talking about buying some shares. So, you have to keep in mind that these guys, they share something and do the opposite. They show the crap out of it. But the only thing that I don't like about this thing is that the fully diluted market cap is, you know, it's basically a double.

00:42:53
But keep an eye on Say. Say is super wrecked against Bitcoin. So if the Bitcoin chart starts flowing, if Bitcoin starts getting flipped into Say, Say could go very, very hard. By the way, let's do. So, Arweave is, in my opinion, also, you know, these are one of those coins; if you're interested in Arweave, to buy them at these levels. Because this is how I see it, guys. I know. I see things differently from most people. But, you know, it's very simple work, guys. If they're going to start flipping Bitcoin, we are at very low. So, Arweave is one of those coins. Just a little bit of Bitcoin flip could. Make at least two

00:43:37
three x on our weave so uh I'm just talking now about the big gaps I'm gonna talk in another live stream about the small gaps so uh say we talked about it and then we got XRP or XRP, I you know I removed it before I started this stream but I, you know, I calculated this triple into perfection and uh this is massive so XRP is uh yeah what to say it's still got you look at it where it is, this pump that we saw, this is nothing we're just at the accumulation zone so XRP is also looking super good, Injective also uh I want this a little bit higher to be honest, a little bit lower so let's see, so this is not ideal for me I wanted to hit this zone um and then we got this one I already talked about it guys, you guys already know uh this thing I think this thing will go hard.

00:44:33
So this is one of those that I'm super bullish on. I think the T-Rex will go hard. So look where we are against it because you have to see it like this. I've showed you guys where BNB is, Look where Tron is. I think that Tron will, you know, you see this spike up. If this thing goes above this line, Tron will go bananas. If you want, especially if you are really, you know you are a high volume big investor, you have a lot of money and you want you want what what is this oh so you, you want you want you know you want you want to risk it a little bit for some high rewards, I think the Tron is one of those; I think, really, the Tron is one of those that you could go really big on and you know make some really big big big money on.

00:45:24
I think the Tron is. I'm, you know, I'm super bullish on Tron. Let me just say that. I'm super bullish on Tron. Let me show you the next one, Algo. This is also one, you know, I think that fundamentally Algo is a very, very good project. Look where we are, guys. We are at almost all-time lows. Look at this. Look at this. I've seen this. This is one double bottom boom up, one double bottom boom up, guys don't underestimate this boom double bottom up. You have to keep in mind that this these are one of those opportunities, look at this, look at this, look at it. And by the way, guys, I'm not saying to buy now; this is just for you guys to know. You have like a portfolio, okay? What am I going to trade now? What am I going to long at some point? What am I going to look for to make some nice gains? Because you have to keep in mind that Aldo is super, super, super, super wrecked. You know, this is my style. I look at the strong fundamentally coins that are so super wrecked and especially against Bitcoin.

00:46:46
This, guys, is a $1. 7 billion market cap; look at this-where we are-look at this, you know, so this is this is in my top three coins that I think will make, make, make a nice, nice, nice ramp up. I think Algo will find some momentum next one, Doge yes, Doge guys, because Elon Musk has promised us that this year He will make Twitter into some financial institute, whatever it is. Well, he has got the U. S. President behind him. So we have to, you know, it will probably be like that. And always don't forget that Doge is the one that, you know, that starts up the altcoin season. It has been like this previous cycle. So it's, you know, when altcoin season starts ramping up, it's Doge starting.

00:47:40
And, you know, it will not be a coincidence when you see Elon Musk starting to. tweet something about doge or whatever so also with this with this financial system that he's gonna integrate into into twitter maybe doge will have a role in that one i don't know well so you have to really keep in mind that we're also uh finding some this is like a triple guys i've seen this so we got this one this one this one so only this rise up could make you a lot of money on doge so you guys know me guys and W talking about those yes I'm talking about those guys I'm talking about where you can make the money talking where you can make the money so that's that's that's that's that's what I'm showing you now so Doge is also one of those coins to keep really an eye on.

00:48:30
Let me go to Linky. Linky is also finding support. I wish that Link would be over here, to be honest. I wanted Link at this moment, at 845. I was really hoping that it would reach, but it isn't. It is holding the line over here, but I'm going to be honest with you, I'm not so interested in Link because of this chart. Because I just love to buy bottoms, you know when I see I'll go, I rather buy all of them and buy LINK. You know, I rather buy VJ. Let me show you VJ or autumn. Look at autumn. This is you know. Even if the fundamentals and the formals would be much higher on Link, I would rather buy a coin like, you know, VeChain, Atom or Orwi, for example, that are super ranked against.

00:49:23
Because why? When the move comes, it will be bigger than on LINK. I know it will. Because those moves will be explosive. Look at Atom. Look where Atom is. Just look at it. Look at it. I'm just saying. Let me show you NEAR. Near all the phones near this, near that AI whatever crap out there, near near near then it you know it's just dying here, near is just dying against Bitcoin over here, so we made a new low, so near is also one of those coins that you know it's just dying. Uh, let me go to Suey look at Suey, Suey this, you know this, I don't know when I drew this thing, I think I don't know, I don't know when I really have no clue when a long time ago I think but um,

00:50:12
have to see it like this, Suey we didn't read this level and you know it hurts me that it did it, I really hope that it would come to this level because this would be super polish or Suey so we're still over here but I think that Suey will. You know, I think that's when I was very bearish assuming on the top of the rise up, but you know now on the retrace, I think that's Suey on every dump, I'll probably buy some Suey up, although although the tokenomics are not that good, but they're you know they're the fundamentals they are really, they're really doing great, they really are rising ups of Suey uh. If Suey comes down to these levels around uh 19 or below the 20, you know I think that Suey will also be one of those points um.

00:50:59
Let me basically tell you one of my favorites is V Chain and V Chain, you know already hit my blue zone into perfection over here, but let me tell you. This uh level slide 22: Everything between 30 and 20 is, you know it's just a dream, it's just a dream so v chain uh, I know, I know you either like v chain or you hate it. I love it, and I'll buy myself really a big bag of features That's just what it is. I'm going to buy myself really a big bag of VJ. I'm going to buy myself a big bag of VJ. I don't give a crap. I'm just going to buy myself a big bag of VJ. Then you can ask me, well, why MW? Why? Yeah.

00:51:49
Well, you know, if China is the one that's going to rule the stocks and everything's going to rise up, well, this is the number one China crypto product they have. So I'm just going to buy VJ. Because, you know, vChain is one of those points that, you know, I just don't care. When it finds momentum, when it starts rising up, it makes you that triple 4x, 5x out of nothing. And then we got this dead dot, this dot, the dot, you know, dot is really, this is a miserable, these guys are really miserable at dot, this whole organization. I don't know what the freak they are doing, but, you know, I really hope that they will find some life into this, you know, this chain. I don't know what they are doing.

00:52:31
You know, it was, you know. When they started doing this, power chains and this, and the staking, and you know, ever since dot never found momentum again. They should have never done this, this is this auction with this, with all this crap. It's really so sad because Polka Dot is, you know, it's as good as dead. And uh, I really hope that they will find momentum, but they will find momentum, I hope that this this thing starts rocking up because I really love Polkadot by the way, but it is what it is. So let's go to Solana Salon. Oh my god, Salon Salon is really a pain in the ass. So we had this, so we had this retrace into this uh support level and then boom! It went up again.

00:53:15
Uh, like we saw Solana making that rise up, it was more Bitcoin uh pair that was bumping uh Solana up, so let's see. This is the zone And Solana is still at high levels, just like BNB is, for example. And then we got the last, not least, but, you know, Cardano. I think that Cardano will make its big move up. So Cardano is also at accumulation zones over here. We had this rise up with Trump, but we already almost back down to this level. So, yes, I'm going to buy Cardano. Yes, I'm going to buy some Cardano. So I'm going to buy some Cardano. I hope that we'll make a little bit of a little bit of. Downturn over here, so I'm gonna buy myself some Katanas, you know?

00:53:58
Let this let this coin shine. So these are basically the really the big gaps, the high cap altcoins that I'm eyeing now to buy some to gain money from them when Bitcoin starts flipping into these altcoins. And so it's basically now all about discharge. Let me show you, it's basically all about this chart now, guys, because you know we didn't reach the red zone. So we still can by the way. But we didn't reach it, uh. But for now, we're gonna catch a cold, I don't know. For now, we're reaching this double sort of double, uh. Are we gonna hit it? Yes or no? So I basically, to be honest, I hope that we

00:54:47
will break through it to the red zone because that will give us the biggest altcoin that we have ever a biggest altcoin season that you've ever seen in your Life is so but you know I don't know, so I have to keep in mind that this is resistance, so only a retrace over here could give you a super, super gains on a lot of altcoins, so this is basically that. What I'm eyeing now is let's see how this is going to play out. And you got a lot of people like, oh, wait a minute. Should I short now? Should I long now? If you are subscribed to these live streams, if you think that we're here just to yell, are we going long? Are we going short? You are in the wrong place.

00:55:32
You really are in the wrong place. I'm not over here to start yelling, go short, go long, go this, go that. That's not how it works. You're over here. I'm giving you the bigger picture. I'm giving you about the best alpha available on the webs. I'm preparing you for what's coming. If you want a long or short, it's very simple. I can long and short coins in five minutes and make like 10 green P&Ls. But that's another style. That's where you have to go watch the leverage trading course vids. Watch the live streams when I'm doing a little bit of active live trading. That's what we do. Today, we're talking about something much more important than the money that you'll make in a couple of trades.

00:56:10
Trading, you can do it every day, whatever you want. You want a short, you want a long, you can do that, whatever you want. This is so much more important. This is how the big money will flow in or flow out. It's not about the trades that we make in a half an hour, 10 minutes or 15 minutes. I'm training you guys like crazy. One of the best trading course bits has been released yesterday. I don't know if you watched it and just go do whatever it is that you want to do. You know? It's trade. But this today is not about trading. I'm not talking about trading. I'm talking about something much more important. Maybe this will change your life forever.

00:56:45
And if you, while I'm explaining something important like this, and you're asking me, well, should I open up a short now? Should I open up a long now? That means that you are far away from ready for anything in these markets. It's only the greed within your body that is talking to itself. I went too long. I want to shoot. It's not about that. You should freaking listen to what I'm explaining over here. This could change your life forever. But, you know, unfortunately, a lot of people, they just don't get it. They're just so filled by greed. And again, please, please, please, please. If you are here for that hunger for greed and you want me to put it with a spoon in your mouth, I will not do it.

00:57:29
You know, all the other influences of CT. Only thing they do is they sell greed and they feed you greed. So be my guest and go follow them because they will give you exactly what you need. And then, you know, when you get wrecked, then you come back to me again. And then, oh, MW, wait a minute. You're right. I should have listened. I should have stayed calm. I should have educated myself. I should have, you know, and act like a pro, you know. You're just in the markets, you're analyzing, you're looking at the bigger picture, okay? You're calculating your risk management, and based on that, you're going to, you know, then you're going to boom. Then you're going to act on it. You're going to make the money, and you protect your capital at the same time.

00:58:09
But if you're just in a rush, oh, wait a minute, oh, I should run, oh, I should short now, oh, I should long now, oh, I should. That's not what it's all about. I'm over here explaining to you guys on the macro, on the midterm, on the short, or maybe even how markets could flip very bullish on crypto. I'm preparing you so when you have to push the button, you've got to push the button based on the knowledge that you've gotten and not based on some feeling or some tweet post of someone. It's so unfortunate for me to see things like that. You know, it's really, really, and I understand that, you know, these guys, they come, oh, wait a minute, MW is the best trader on the web sites.

00:58:49
Yeah, let me just ask him, should I short Bitcoin over here? Do you think that that is what I do? You know, if I want to go in, if I'm in my trading zone, I go, I connect the dots and I see some opportunities and I short. Maybe even in the biggest bull market, I'll be shorting a lot of altcoins and making sick money. But I'm not expecting you to understand that because that's another style. Go watch the leverage trading course vids. Go watch them. They will give you everything you need to know. And you act on them. You just go on the chart. You just follow Bitcoin up. Use the indicator. You see an entry, see resistance, you short it. You see support on the indicator on the 5 minutes or 50 minutes, long it.

00:59:31
And you're making money all your day long if you know how to do it, if you're educated how to do it. But I'm now talking about something way more that has nothing to do with trading. And then you come, yeah, well, should I short Bitcoin over here? It's like, you know, MW, oh, yeah, I've been talking for an hour now. Okay, well, you know, whatever. Should I short Bitcoin off? This is the hunger. I recognize this. I understand this. This is your hunger to greed. You're just, you know, you're like, you know, you're like the junkie that needed hearing or the cocaine, a cocaine shot. You need it. I just need to make sure I need to learn. This is, guys, go heal yourself first. Go, go, you know, stay calm, calm down.

01:00:15
You know, traits will be there tomorrow, today, yesterday. Next month, next year, there will always be trades out there. You can trade anytime you want. When it's alpha time and when it's, you know, someone is showing you something super, super important. So before it happens, you're already, you already understand, you're already in it. You know, it's just like I explained to you guys yesterday, you know, if someone would tell me, well, it's going to rain today. And you're already outside getting wet-I don't need that info; I need to be prepared. Okay, listen: the coming three days, it's gonna rain. Okay, I'm gonna put some good clothes on for the cold, I'm gonna take my umbrella with me and I'm going out. You're prepared for it, that's what I'm doing.

01:01:09
If you want that's not how it works, bro. That's not how it works, my brother. It just doesn't work like that. I'm trying to prepare you guys for what's coming. And I'm showing you guys into details how I'm connecting the dots. I'm showing you guys also into details what charts you have to look for. I'm showing you guys where the opportunities are with this BTC pass. I'm showing you guys the E thing, where it's heading into and why. I'm not telling you what to do. I'm showing you everything so you can make your own decision what you want to do and how you're going to do it. That's what I'm doing. And if you want to trade the 5-minute, the 10-minute, 1-hour time frame, that's another style. I know I'm the best at it, but that's not what I'm talking about now. It's not about that. Now, if I wanted to talk about that, you know, I just ask Salsara, okay, release the top 10 altcoin volume coins and let's go. Let's go. Let's go do it. You're probably. Maybe during the day you'll see that. It's possible. But now it's not about that. I love you. Thanks for watching. Have a nice one. Until the next one. Bye-bye.