*** Live Stream 04-18-2025 KOREANS RULING THE CRYPTO MARKETS !! *** 

00:00:01
Welcome, welcome, welcome, Emukla in Game Trading Crypto. Welcome, Weetal Fam. Welcome into another live stream. Yes, we've got to talk about. Koreans, financial markets, Powell, Lagarde, the dollar, euro, pound, yen, Japan, China, Trump. All the crap you need to be successful in trading and making our next move. So, yes, that's what we're going to talk about. Let's see how it's going to play out. Yeah, so. Let the music work.

00:02:19
Okay, okay, okay, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, okay so uh welcome everyone, welcome everyone, I cannot, we don't have a lot of time, oh we don't got a lot of people in here, we don't got a okay so no problem, I can do Janice Pedro Akib Carlo escaping Daniel Zupac Edwin Spaceman, uh we got Elena We got Death Brick We got Zagano We got Crypto Fiori We got Altiman We got Helena Riff Bob. Only early birds over here, the rest are all sleeping. We got Matija Mama Dali Stop Loss Lies. Oh my God, Stop Loss Lies. You know, if you call yourself Stop Loss Lies, you're either super wrecked or you are super rich. One of the two. You know, I've got, you know, let me tell you this.

00:03:17
Let me tell you this. There's one very respective trader I know. He's not online, but, you know, he always tells me, MW, you know how I make a lot of money? I told him, well, how? He told me, you know what I do? I just go into the charts, you know, and then I'm going to set up my stop loss. For example, let's just say he's going to do a long. so he's buying something and then and then he's gonna set his stop loss he what he tells me is where i'm gonna you know i do my analyze and then just normally and then when i'm gonna you know where i'm gonna put my stop loss i make that let's just say this let me this is this is great to explain you guys this is beautiful by the way you know it made me laugh so let's let me describe so uh for example i don't know let me let me use this chart let me use this so

00:04:09
Let me put it on the one hour and then put it on one hour. Okay. So for example, let me remove the indicator because it's not about the indicator in this example. You know, this is what he told me. This is what he told me. You know, it was so funny when he said it. So he told me, well, you know what I'm going to do? You know, I'm going, for example, for example, his, his, his analyzes. I'm going for long over here. So over here. So this is my long, this is the analyze that he's making. And he's going to put his stop loss over here, for example. So he's planning to go in over here. And he's putting his stop loss over here. And his take profits is, for example, over here or here.

00:04:53
It doesn't matter. So he told me, you know what I've been doing past months? He told me when I finalize my analysis, you know, so stop loss entry. Take profit. He told me I never go in on that entry. What I do always is I move my entry to where my stop loss is. He has been testing this now for months and he's very successful. So he's making a lot of money. He told me you have to be really patient, but he just put it in. And so what he does is. He flips his entry after his analysis from his stop loss. So his stop loss is his. So basically, so when a normal trader, a normal analyst would go make an analysis about an entry, take profits and a stop loss, he tells me because I'm just an average trader, but he's trying to break the code.

00:05:57
So what did he do? He now makes his analysis and then he uses his stop loss as his new entry. And, you know, it was really, you know, I'm very interested in these things. You know, I'm a trader. I'm, you know, I'm always trying to crack the code or et cetera. So this is not my style, by the way, because, you know, I don't trade like an average trader. But it's, you know, it was for me fascinating to see what he was doing, you know. I really loved it. I really loved it when he was showing me that. And, you know, so it's, it's, it's okay. So, uh, well, whatever I was, I was with, with stop loss, stop loss, loss. I go, good morning, good morning.

00:06:37
So we got, well, you got Andrea, the car. What is this? What? When, when, when you're no, when you're no, when you're no familia, Andrea, the car. So we got, I'll be my right. Good. We got Richard, Rosie, Phil, Pip, Chris Lee. We got BPAP. El Floriano Raj Kumar Gotham, we got uh for Jerry, we got Adam, we got uh Nicholas Narciso, we got straight up, we got Jawad; Jawad is in the house TB! Oh, by the way, I have to tell you something Snowy and just okay. So, first of all, guys, I'm gonna forget it, I'm gonna forget it. So, I shared something about high-volume traders on Twitter and you know I've been getting a lot of DMs for people for this, you know, for this high-volume trade and I told you these high-volume traders are 100K to 100 million dollar funds.

00:07:33
And then what happens next is is that I get a lot of DMs and then you know they have gotten some have got a response on all of them. And guys, I didn't say 100k trading volume because if that were the case, someone with 100 bucks is a high-volume trader. I said 100K to 100 million funds. It means funds. So on your trading portfolio, you have 200K, 300K, 500K, a million, 10 million, whatever. So funds, not trading volume. And, you know, you could figure out yourself, I think, that it's not trading volume. Because someone with 50 bucks can create 100k trading volume if you want, so just to get that clear, so the ones

00:08:30
that have been getting a DM and I'm not responding to you it's because you just don't fit; you know you're not like you know, just stay with the regular one, so you're just a regular trade, you're not a high volume trader, high volume traders are the ones owning 100k or more on their trading these guys create millions of trading volume Not 100K trading volume, millions of trading volume when they go into. And let me also give this warning to a lot of the Patreon's and the Telegram group members. We have got some wheels with us. It's just what it is; we've got some really, really high volume traders. And what I want to say is this. This is also for the GTC, by the way, because the team asked me several times to, you know, talk about this in my live stream.

00:09:23
Guys, be very careful when the team is offering you in the GTC members trades or I'm talking about trades. Now, I cannot repeat myself enough; high volume traders, don't go high. Don't go open up a 5 million short position on a coin with a market cap with 100 million or 200 million. You crazy? Because, you know. You guys are the market makers. You know, you got some wealthy people against you that will try to fight you. They're going to hold the line. And the result of that is that most of the retail firm members will suffer from that. They will not suffer in money, but, you know, if they were going to make like 5K or 10K on that trade.

00:10:19
They now need to wait for a month, two months before they got to make it, or two weeks, or three weeks, or four weeks. So this is also one of the biggest reasons why I'm creating this high volume group, traders group, so I can a little bit control you guys. So the lower volume traders will not suffer from this. You cannot trade shit coins with big amounts of money. I've said it a lot of times. If you want to go big, You have to go big on coins with billions of market caps. So when you see, for example, coins like XRP, Solana, Ethereum, Bitcoin, Cardano, et cetera, et cetera. These are the coins you can trade on really big high volume, but not shit coins like layer, for example.

00:11:10
You know, I need to create this group as soon as possible because, you know, there are some really some wealthy people. Owning a lot of money and you know they follow me or they follow the GTC team, and then they go in, they and then they go in very very, you know, they go in very heavy so uh don't do that, just don't do that don't do that because you're manipulating the the market at that moment, because you have to see it also those Koreans are seeing you, so you have to, you have to really. Okay, I need to make this high volume traders group very fast, so I can teach you guys some things. Okay, so let me first of all begin with that Mannschaft. That Mannschaft. That Mannschaft.

00:12:00
M Wilkel is going to destroy the Mannschaft. Look at this, guys. So look at this. This is super interesting. Look at this. So this is the DAX. It dumped down with 20%. That's a lot, 20% for the DAX, by the way. Just saying. When was the last time the DAX dumped 20%? When? Not here. Was it maybe over here? When was the last time the DAX dumped 22%, of course, 22. Let me see. Okay, we even dumped 27 so let me let me let me get it on the monthly yes Germans, Germans, yes yes yes, so this you know this was the 22nd it was not only the decks by the way everything dumped over here.

00:13:00
So we got ourselves a boxy over here, we got ourselves a boxy over here, so we got ourselves this boxy, let's create this boxy together, yes why not uh, this was uh, the Corona crash, let's do it all so together, why not, why not, why not, who gives a freak lesson, so what did the Corona crash do guys? Let's do it together. The Corona crash, oh darling, this was beautiful, this was 42 percent, 42 percent on the Corona crash. So let me first of all tell you that most of the you know economic scientists they say and think that we are worse than the Corona crash or the 2008 crash or whatever. But the charts are not showing us this yet. So the charts are not showing us this yet.

00:13:57
And I think that one of the biggest losers, the biggest dumpers in the financial markets will be the DEX. What did you just say? Yes, that's what I said. But MW, but your followers, most of them are from Germany. Yes, I know. But I still think what I think. Listen, I think that the DEX will suffer the most. I just think that. But either way, so we got 42%. And then this was, what was it again? I had to write it down. This is 27%. And this was, and this was. 27. And this was 20%. So 42, 27, 20%. 20%. 20%. So basically, if you would watch this chart on the monthly, we're just in a freaking bull run.

00:14:59
But you know, this is what I want you guys to learn. Because you guys cannot imagine how important this is. Because this is how you make life-changing money. Let me tell you this. On this dump, by the way, I made really a lot of money. And when I say a lot of money, a lot of money. You know? For those that have been watching me with the decks and analyzing past weeks, I made really. But you could also. There are some of you guys that made a lot of money on this, but I don't think enough. But let me show you. Let me tell you this. This 20% -look how strong. These technical analysts and these we came exactly into the liquidation level and boom, it bounced up!

00:15:47
But if you would follow me, you would also know that uh, I told you guys: also based on the blue boxes us 500. Okay, this is where you have to flip bullish again, you know? You remember when I told you flip bullish again, that's this massive bounce up because you have to keep in mind that you know I made a lot of money over here but I'm also making a lot of money over there just basically what I'm showing you now is the same as Bitcoin, same as Crypto, your altcoins doesn't matter it's all the same because they are connected to each other. So, but for the high volume traders, for example, this group is coming for you guys, you know? We could do this also because you know when you want to put in on leverage 10 billion.

00:16:38
You put in 10 billion, nobody gives a fuck. You will not hear me say, oh no, no, no, you shouldn't go in heavy. Go in as heavy as you want to go. You know? I don't care. This is the stuff for the high volume trades. A real high volume trade. Look at this. Look at this. So, now, what I'm eyeing is, you know, Is it maybe time to start shorting the crap out of this one? Because, you know, we're now bouncing. So, is it time to start shorting the crap out of it? So, there is the indicator.

00:17:27
Keep this in mind. Keep this in mind. I told you about it. Nobody told you about it. I told you about it. So, you put in this thing. This is a bounce of 15%. And this is something, by the way, also in the high volume trading group, this will be discussed. Listen, guys, you know, if I would put in 50%, because a lot of people, they don't understand this. Now, this is 20%. You see this? This is 20%. This is 20%. So basically, if you would measure the half of this, it's around. Let me use this one. Where is it? Let me use this one. Let me use this one. Like this. You know. This is half. So this is half. Which is seeing over here.

00:18:27
This is the half. But this is 15%. You see? Look. This is. This is 15%, a little bit above it. But this whole move down is 20%. So what does that mean? What is that telling us? It tells us that when you make like 20% down, but only going up to the half is 15% worth. So it means that you're making more money on that bounce up. Maybe it's a little bit too complicated. I'll dive into it. I'll dive into it. Yes. So what was I going to say? So I'm eyeing the decks. So let me go to the DXY because it's all about the DXY. Something super, super, super remarkable. Super remarkable is that, you know, when ECB comes up, when Madame Lagarde comes up, you see a pre-pump on the DXY.

00:19:29
Because wisely you're probably going to cut rates and that's super bullish for the US dollar and the US dollar will destroy the euro and the pound or whatever so it didn't happen that's super remarkable it didn't happen we saw a little tiny move look at this guy's look look you know I've been telling you guys now already I've been telling you already guys it's all about the forex person That is what it's all about. It's not even about the stocks anymore. It's about the forex pairs. So this is what is going to show us the way the coming weeks, months. It's all about the forex pairs. So basically, so this thing didn't dump after the rate cuts. Because this is the logic, you know? This is what you read on the news.

00:20:22
This is what Jim Cramer will tell you, and et cetera, et cetera. The Bloomberg's and the, you know, they will tell you, okay. When you cut rates, it’s bullish for the financial market, for the stocks, and it’s very bearish for the currency. But we’re seeing that, you know, this was the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny, the tiny retrace that we got after Madame Lagarde. But let me tell you this. I don’t give a crap what they tell you on media. I don’t give a crap about what they tell you on the conference. The only thing that I care about is my chart. Because my chart doesn’t lie. People lie. News, they don’t lie. That’s all they do. They only lie.

00:21:06
That’s why I read news always with other glasses on. Look at this, guys. This is resistance, and it remains resistance. So even though we didn't see that move up, as long as we are at resistance, I remain super bearish on the euro over here. So maybe the move didn't come yesterday. Maybe it will come today. Maybe it will come the day of this, by the way, on a monthly basis. But look, we are in the red zone. And in the red zone, look how strong this resistance is. This is no joke, guys. This is no joke, by the way. Look at this. Over here, over here, over here, over here. Look at this. This is really, really strong resistance over here. To go back to the DXY, DXY is also, look at these, look at these.

00:22:05
This is the same like you're seeing on the Euro. This is really some strong freaking support that we're seeing over here. By the way, guys, it could dumb down. I'm not saying, you know, I'm not; you know, I didn't make an analysis. I'm seeing, okay, you know, like I'm a lot of times do. Okay, it's going there and it's going there. No, no-this is not the case for this one because this one goes very deep and a lot of things are related to this, but for me, chart-wise, I have to; you know, I have to stay; I have to remain; uh, I have to stay, stay, I have to stay, uh, uh, bullish here on the DXY, because we are we already dumped because this is a pretty big dump over here very fast.

00:22:49
10-10 is a lot. You know, you can tell them, okay, well, Trump is pushing it. I don't give a crap who's pushing it. It's a big dump. So I'm not going to get bearish on the DXY after 10% dump. Not going to happen. So I'm going to act accordingly on what I see on the charts, but on the macro, not going to happen. I'm not going to be bearish on the DXY. So for me, we are still in support zones. The euro is at resistance zones. So for me, the probability that this will happen is way more bigger than this would happen. So it's all about probability. So I'm calculating now that at some point this thing will hold, hold, and then it will go up. And, you know, I'm going to act on it.

00:23:41
That's now my plan. That's now what I'm eyeing. And, you know. If this thing just dumps down like a rock, I'm going to change the plan. But for now, I have to stick to my plan because we are still holding the line over here. So I'm just going to wait today what's going to happen over here. Because at the DXY, it's a little bit hard to see the support levels. But on the Euro, you can see the resistance levels very clearly over here. So like we have this spike up that we had over here. So they might maybe push it there. But, you know, that's it. It comes beautifully together with this line that I just made just now. I don't know why. Maybe I'm crazy. So let me...

00:24:26
Oh, beautiful. It hit it already. You see? One, two, three, four. This is just a solid trend line. You see? It hit it already. So also, if you would look at these two roundings. why not expect the next rounding over here you know because this is also you can make a trend line out of it you can do like this you can do like this something like this you see you know guys you have to see it like this you know i'm drawing these things with you guys just for you guys i see these things without drawing them i don't need to draw this trend line or make this circle i you know i see this just on the chart i can make this chart whole blank and i see these movements and i see these patterns and i can see the

00:25:11
they move if you just spend enough time on the charts just like me at some point you'll see them also i don't know if you want to see it but just saying you know it's it's uh so guys so basically i've now been talking with you guys about financial markets and you know i've showed you guys some some some some indices i've showed you guys some Some some forex pairs. You have to keep in mind that the ones the high volume traders Group will be more about this So what we're gonna do is we're gonna we're gonna trade crypto because all about crypto is focused on crypto So it will be like 60 70 percent crypto 30 percent 20 percent will be Will be the stocks or Forex's whatever so and this is where you know, this is how it's gonna happen because

00:26:11
we're gonna we're gonna make the big moves because you know trading altcoins trading korean altcoins or trading the syndicate is different it's a different style it's something else so if you want to go to this it's this but guys this is just forget about it because most of you guys are probably not the hypo traders so we will focus on the the mid gaps and everything so this is just for that group uh what what they what they can expect so Let me get into it. So, Bitcoin. Let me go to my green. Yeah, so Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin. What is Bitcoin? What is Bitcoin? Oh, Bitcoin. No, no, no, Bitcoin. No. No, Bitcoin. Are you so sensitive to the DXY at support? No. Come on, Bitcoin. Come on. You can do it.

00:27:02
You can do it. You can do it. I've seen this guy, you know, look at this look at this box, look this was when was this, this was yeah, this was Trump getting president, yes we're going to the moon, look sideways, dump bump, dump bump, dump, you know. It's it's really mind-blowing that's you know, After all what we have been seeing in the media about Bitcoin, all these banks, all these institutions, everyone in the world was buying Bitcoin at some point. Do you remember? It was just weeks ago. I hope that you guys remember. But everyone in the freaking world was buying Bitcoin. You know, I even tweeted about this. I told you, is there any Bitcoin left in the world to be bought up? Because, you know, countries are buying Bitcoin. United States saying they're going to make it a reserve, you know. A China and Russia are trading in bitcoin, uh, a lot of wolves, uh, countries' banks-every you know, every freaking bank at some point. Yeah, bitcoin, it's all about bitcoin. Those stories were over here; this is where the stories are, where we are. How is this possible? How is this possible?

00:28:38
Not speaking my French very well. Qu'est-ce qu'il y a? Mais pourquoi? Mais pourquoi, Monsieur Bitcoin? Mais pourquoi? Allez, allez, vas-y, vas-y, vas-y, vas-y, Bitcoin! Monte, monte. Go get the $100,000, $120,000, $150,000, $200,000, $1,000, $120 ,000, $150 ,000, $200 ,000, $1 ,000 ,000 of bitcoin. Because bitcoin is the best asset in the world. Because bitcoin. I am very, very rich because I bought. Uh, book would do bitcoin, you know I already explained you guys, like you know months ago, that uh the world is fooling you, the financial market are fooling you because even if you bought bitcoin at 15k, even if you freaking bought bitcoin over here so you're a bitcoin dj and you bought bitcoin aren't over here even if you bought it over in this same period of time there are a lot of stocks that outperform bitcoin.

00:29:56
Michael Strategy that is buying, Michael Sater that is buying all Bitcoin and, you know, the biggest FOMO creep out there. Even his own stock outperformed Bitcoin. But he will not tell you that. He wants you to focus on Bitcoin. It's all about Bitcoin. Bitcoin, yes, Bitcoin. Okay, so basically, we don't give a crap about Bitcoin. We are teachers. You know, when Bitcoin doubles up, we should have made our 100 or 500x. already so we are traders so let me go to the next one let me go to btgc ah is it risk it's respecting it oh it's respect look at this mega you know you got this guys listen there is a megaphone pattern working out there is a megaphone yes it's a megaphone yes well here's your megaphone you want the megaphone here is the megaphone this is the megaphone Always the megaphone.

00:30:53
Here's the megaphone. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, hold. And then over here, another bang, hold, bang. And then at some point, we're going to be here. And what are we going to do over here? What are we going to do over here, RetoFab? That's what we're going to flip long again. Let me tell you this. Let me tell you this. Forget about the Koreans, by the way, because Koreans is just like. Five percent of maybe not even five, maybe three percent of the market's guys from the moment that I told you, okay. I'm taking profits and I'm gonna flip short now, that's it. Forget about the Koreans, forget about this green pumping like you know, maybe one two percent of the crypto market but 98, that was it.

00:31:49
That was it when I told you, I'm gonna take profits now, I'm gonna flip. But do you know I don't show you a lot of short P&Ls? I only show the ones that I've been talking about, but I can I can show you guys like, you know 30 P&L's exploding. Maybe it's you know great for entertainment. Maybe people will like it. I don't know so, That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Knowing when to be bullish, knowing when to be bearish. So, yeah. So, what to say? I don't know what to say. I wanted to say something else, by the way. Guys, you have to be very careful when you are following me on Twitter. You know, you have to keep in mind that, you know.

00:32:45
I will act accordingly. When I see people starting to tell retail firm members, follow someone that has not proven himself to be a defense trader. And when I see people telling people in my feeds, 'follow that guy' or 'follow that guy' or 'do this' or 'do that', I will block you. There's no hate, pure business. I have to protect my members. If anyone thinks that he invented the wheel again and if anyone thinks that he's the Superman of trading be my guest at some point if you have proven yourself I might challenge you or maybe one of the team members wants to challenge you want to prove yourself but you first have to prove yourself with solid calls so it's not like you know just showing up some you know like all those influencers do just showing some P&Ls when they're green and hiding the red no, no, no!

00:33:43
How it works is very simple. You have to do it like I do it. You have to tell people, okay, this is it. And this is it. And this is it. And after it, show me the results. And don't remove any tweets. But as long as you're not there yet, don't tell retail firm members, follow that, follow that, follow that. Do whatever it is that you want to do. I don't give a crap. Everyone is free to do whatever it is you want. If you want to be the Superman of trading. Just go do whatever it is. I've seen many before you and I will probably see many after you. But don't come into my feed, feeding people greed with, you know, a lot of bullshit. I'll block you. It's that simple.

00:34:28
I will block you and I will not hesitate. I'll block anyone that does so. So anyone that goes in and starts like yelling in my feed, follow this guy, follow that, you got blocked. It's that simple. And I will not unblock you. It's that simple-so it's just one mistake, and that's it. You know, I've got my buddy, my buddy, my buddy, bash you know, I love the guy, but you know he made one mistake; he made a mistake, but he's blocked, and I will not unblock him because why? Because he made a big huge mistake, and what was the mistake? Is it the same mistake as as the one we're making today in the morning? You cannot endanger My community, it's that simple.

00:35:09
You know, I can love you to death, but the moment you start endangering my followers, my community, I will block you. And there is no second warning. It's just one. You have to just make one mistake, you're out. So don't, please guys, don't. Focus on the alpha. Focus on education. Focus on, don't think that you're Superman. There are a lot of Supermen in the world. And at the end of the day, they're all, you know. Riff Pop, do you think I'm ready to make French live streams? Just asking. Riff Pop, do you think I can do it? Why not? Okay, so let's go. Let's go. Korea. It's time for Korea. So while we're going to do Korea, I'm going to give you guys. What is it?

00:36:03
Two minutes to share me in the chat all your Korean coins that you want me to chart. Also, note the Korean coins that are making some nice moves. So please share me because today it's all about you guys. I'm going to show you guys some of the coins that I'm eyeing on big high volume Upbit, for example. And I'm going to explain to you guys something about Upbit, which is very interesting, by the way, for you guys to know. And I want you guys to share the altcoins. So I'm going to give you two minutes and maybe Salsara wants to tell you something. Because Salsara is also having some news about GTC and GTC Insider. So I'll speak to you in two minutes. Share me the coins, please.

00:38:47
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. So first of all, Fartcoin. Oh, music off, please. So Fartcoin. Guys, how can you not love Fartcoin? Guys, Fartcoin is, I've said it many times. You know, if you are busy or, you know, you're getting distracted or you're doing a lot of things in your life, et cetera, et cetera. I don't know what it is in your life. You just don't have the time. Just trade Fartcoin. Trade, only have one chart on your phone. Okay, Fartcoin. I'm going to long and short Fartcoin every time using the Indie and, you know, a little bit of TA, a little bit of MW, a little bit of market connections. You know, you cannot imagine how much money you can make on Fartcoin.

00:39:30
Fartcoin is, you know, Salsor told me that she was watching some big crypto shows out there. And, you know, she told me other big crypto content creators are talking now about Fartcoin also. But, you know, this is exactly what I've been telling you for, you know, for years now. They are always three, four steps behind. You know, that's, you know, it's foolish, you know. But it's really Fartcoin. Fartcoin. How much more money can we make on this freaking thing? You know, I don't know anymore. So this thing is just the retail firm's ATM. So it's like this. You know, you're sitting at home and then, you know, your son comes to you and tells you, Dad, listen. I need a new PlayStation. Dad is looking like his bank account. Okay.

00:40:24
Okay, son, I'm going to work on it. And then you've got your goal. Okay. I'm going to make like 500 bucks because I want to buy myself, my son, a PlayStation. Go trade for altcoin. Make the 500 bucks. Take it out. Okay, son, come over here. Come. Here is your PlayStation. You know? You just have to know how to execute it, how to do it, but it's you know, fart coin is really the cash machine part going, it's really mind-blowing, it's really mind-blowing. This fart coin, you know, fart coin. You know what to say about far? You know I don't even know what to say anymore about fart when I've said so much about fart coin already. Um, So that's about four points, by the way. I was eyeing this one yesterday.

00:41:10
This was Oh some, some, some, some! I need I need to explain you guys something very important. So these Koreans they are my heroes. Why are they my heroes because they are creating liquidity for us so we can trade so we can make the big money. So on my tree today, I told you the next three months, 50X if the Koreans but you know The Koreans need to keep doing what they’re doing now. You know, they need to keep doing what they’re doing. So the next three months, or maybe even do more like what they have been doing the past days. So weeks. So they need to keep doing. 50X is nothing, guys. You guys think that it’s a lot. Why is 50X? You have to see it like this.

00:41:53
If you’ve got like a 10K portfolio, you have to see it like this. For example, if you’re going to do it the GTC style, the MW style. So you’re going to use like. 25 for for one coin for a trade and then you make like whatever you make like 1k or 2k and then the next trade you're going to use another 25, but the 25 that you're going to use is from 12k not from 10k and then you make another 3k or whatever and then you got 515k and then you're going to use 25 of that amount and so on and so on and so on. So it goes very hard at some moment, you know, at some moment. But the only thing is, you must not lose any trade.

00:42:40
And guess who has been educating about that for years now? You just have to not lose. Because, you know, you can get these supermen that I've been talking about. I think that they invented the wheel again. Oh, I'm killing it over here. And I kill it over there. And I kill it over there. And then just one mistake and then, boom, he's back to the ground. You know, you've got this, how do they call it, that Superman is Kryptonite, Kryptonite or something, you know, that big block of Kryptonite, and, you know, Superman has lost all his powers. Well, Superman has been now Wrecked Man. That's Superman. Superman is Wrecked Man. It's about consistency, guys. It's not about, you know.

00:43:25
Show this and that and you know, oh, I've got this pinot on an easy so you know, you got these guys go with 100, 200 x whatever you know. Oh, look how great I am! It's not meant to mean anything if you're gonna lose it all on the next trade, so you make like two, three trades they only need one time and then that's boom, you're gone. Superman is wrecked man; congrats, wrecked man. And then, you know, he's silent. He's silent. That's why, guys, you know, you have to learn. If you're going to leverage trade, you have to do it the right way. You have to do it the professional way. You have to do it the defensive way. That's the only way. You know, how do you think the team survives everything?

00:44:13
These guys are prepared. So if I'm going to go into a trade, for example, over here, I already preparing myself that this coin for my entry could make for example 5x i'm prepared for it although my analyze is not telling me that but i'm prepared for it so in my mind i know wait a minute if i'm going in here this price could go 5x from here and it will totally destroy me no no no it shouldn't destroy you because why you are prepared for it so you're gonna take how do you say measurements measurements help me some sort of is it measurements or whatever or cautions how do we say this precautions yes precautions yeah so you need to i love it i've got salsa next to me so when i cannot find any freaking english word i just ask okay so you have to be prepared for that you know when i go into a trade The first thing that I prepare myself for is not how much money I'm going to make.

00:45:20
I'm preparing myself for what if some narrative or some market maker or some VC or some will for my group is going very heavy, destroying the trade. Am I prepared for that? Yes, that's the first thing I do. I'm preparing for myself for the doom scenario. I don't give a crap about the wind scenario because my whole analyzer strategy is built on the wind scenario so I don't care about that, that's something I don't have to do something about that but I have to focus on what if what if the trade goes against me for whatever reason out there and you know these things happen if you are a good trader, solid trader, happen like 20 max of the times. But you have to be prepared for them.

00:46:11
So while you're doing the 80% and, you know, nailing every trade, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, you have to also be prepared for that 20%. But the problem with retailers and leverage trading is this. Let me explain to you. And that's why it's so important, this beginner's course that I'm going to start up. Sansa, do we have any date when it's going to start, this beginner's course, when it's going to be available? Maybe this afternoon we'll have a date. Okay. this this beginner's course is very important because why because in the beginner's course you know i'm gonna take you really step by step into this because you know i really i'm really looking forward to it you know i'm you know i'm looking forward more for the beginner's course than for the for the for the for the for the for the high volume traders because high volume is a high volume you know it's just you know these guys have a lot of money you know and

00:47:07
They're probably going to nail it. But the beginner's course is for me something. I want what I want is I want the noobs. I want the newbies. The newbies that are, you know, that are not supermans. Because the supermen, I cannot teach a lot to supermen. Because supermen, you know, you show them the way you show them a little. And then they get overconfident. And then they think that they invented the wheel again. And then they start doing things. And then they're going to. You know, like Superman loses his power while he's almost at the moon and then he falls down like a rock, you know? I need these newbies, these noobs. Why noobs? When I can teach them, I'm going to teach them the right way, direction.

00:47:50
You know, they're going to teach the MW way. They don't think left, right, up. No, they have only one tunnel vision. Okay, this is how I'm going to do it. And because he has been learning it the right way from the beginning, you have to see it like this. If you have a little baby and you've got to learn this little baby to walk backwards. So, you know, when he's walking, you have to walk backwards. You've got to learn everything goes backwards. Then he will, you know, it's very difficult for me to teach the kid how to walk forward. This is the same, you know. Sometimes I think to myself, I'm really crazy. You know, I give these examples. I don't know how I come up with these examples, but, you know, I hope that you guys are getting what I mean.

00:48:39
So when someone from whom he was a baby, he has been learning to walk forwards, you know. It doesn't cost me a lot of energy to explain this guy that he now can go run and then he can jump and then he can do whatever it is that he does. But when someone has been learning to, from young, to walk, backwards it's very hard for me to teach someone to walk forwards and jump in i think you guys get the message so i'm really looking forward to that one so enough enough enough about this so first of all i was i was i wanted to i wanted to uh explain something i think that a lot of you guys don't know this and you know i thought i had to i had to explain you guys this did you do you guys know that that that um uh uh do you guys know uh What is this?

00:49:32
Share your Korean coins to chart? Are you doing this also? You asked that. I just, yes, I can message here. Yeah, but. People, you asked them and they didn't do it. You asked them to share their Korean coins from Upbit. They want yes just the names I'm seeing some coins over here yeah I've seen support but not many so I reminded them okay well maybe they they they're like we don't give a crap I'll show them mine they can they don't have to share it it's their own choice so what I'm seeing over here is uh up it doesn't have futures trading so what does that mean up it cannot show it

00:50:22
Maybe a lot of you guys, what are you saying? Yes, they cannot short on Upbit because there is no futures trading on Upbit. They can only buy spots. So meaning they can only pump up. The only way that you can see Upbit, the price coming down is when they sell their bags. So this is something that you guys should know. Also, very important for you guys to know is that in Korea, in Korea, shorting is, I think, forbidden by law. Even on the stocks, yeah, it sounds super crazy, but it's just what it is. Koreans – they are not allowed to short markets, but because in Korea you can trade on Binance or buy Bit or you know whatever, so but they cannot also then they have access to shorting; they are not allowed there is this I think this bit hump they can short but you know they have to do a lot of regulations or whatever.

00:51:12
But let me tell you this, but Koreans – they can short on Bluffing They can show it on Bitinex. They can show it on Wix. They can show it on a lot of non-KYC exchanges because, you know, they're down the radar. Nobody knows. But that's not what I think because I've got my, you know, I've got my Korean lines. That's not what they, I don't think that they're shorting on those non-KYC exchanges because I think, not I think, I almost know it. The big guys in Korea that really rule the crypto markets, they don't live in Korea. They're in Singapore. They're in Dubai. They are in the countries where they can do whatever it is that they want to do. You get me? Look at me. I've got the Dutch nationality.

00:52:07
I cannot, I'm not allowed to trade futures on Binance, for example, because the Netherlands has forbidden that. But, you know, I'm in Dubai. I've got an Emirates ID. I can use Binance or buy a bit or whatever exchange out there. So these Koreans, it's the same. It's not so hard. It's so bad. It's so bad. All he has to do is, you know, he can, you know, maybe he's got some, they just buy some property in Dubai, whatever, get an Emirates ID, get a Binance account, and they can short the crap, whatever it is that they want while they're living in South Korea. Because they're doing that stuff not from the Korean law. They're doing it from the UAE laws or the Singapore laws. It's the same with the Chinese.

00:52:59
They do the same. So keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. Because they do have a reverse button. Just not an upbeat. So an upbeat, there is no reverse button because there is no shorting possible. I think it's just for you guys. So what I wanted to show you guys was this. Did you know that Layer hit $5 . 6 a bit? But this is spot, you know? But we don't see that because if we would, for example, put Layer on Perpetuals. It was there, and then it disappears. Perpetual. For example, OKX. Oh, OKX has got layer? Oh, that's interesting. I didn't know that OKX. OKX is a very big player, by the way, guys. So if we would do like this. Look. Max was 2 . 2.

00:54:00
While layer went to 5 . 5 and upbeat. But this, what you're seeing, is that they just bought in. Where is that freaking? Was it this one? Up it yes this one so so even because let me tell you why you didn't see that, why you didn't see that, this because you know this has got to do with liquidity, you know uh this pump up to 500 but this is just what you're seeing always that someone bought in a very you know very big bag of leverage so uh He's probably still bullish on layer or whatever. And then the ones that have been holding over here dumped it down just as far. So, you know, and this is just, you know, what this guy did.

00:54:43
He just bought in the liquidity because this is also something that I've been teaching you guys, by the way, is when you buy spots. By the way, guys, I get these questions a lot. To join the group or to join me, it's not only about leverage trading. If you're a spot trader, you're just as welcome. and i can teach you a lot about spot traders because i'm a spot trader so if you're buying spot i've teach this a lot of times uh for example uh say that you bought in layer over here i'm just saying something you bought in like 50k of player always this is just always because you know always please listen to me what i'm saying now always have take profit levels No, but you know, MW, I think the player is going to 50 bucks or 100 bucks and I don't want to miss that.

00:55:33
You are a fool. You are a fool. You are a fool. So always, always put in, if you, so anyone in here, anyone that is in here, how many people are here? 75 people. Anyone in here that owns bags, I don't care what bags you have over there. You bought them recently. Always have take profit levels. So, for example, let's say you bought in at 170, put in at $3. 2, put in at $4. 4, put in at 5. You never know. You guys cannot imagine how many jackpots I hit with this style, with this strategy. This is the same for down, by the way. It's the same for never. You know, there was one guy. That told me, MW, listen, I've got like 370K on my spot account.

00:56:31
Yeah, what is it? Are you staking it? What are you doing with it? No, no, no. It's just sitting there. Should I stake it? I told him, no, definitely don't stake it. I don’t believe in staking, raking, lending, spending, mending. I don’t believe in that crap. I told them what you need to do is if you have money over there always make sure that you have buy orders set so for example don't go do it on some coin but for example uh do it on Ethereum, do it on Solada, do it on XRP, do it on on Bitcoin what you have to do is you have to you have to you have to you have to you have to keep it you have to keep it you have to you have to put like let me just let me give you guys an example I think this is very important for you guys to know

00:57:20
what you have to do is that's why you guys are in here because you get the market updates with the educational part so what you have to do is so for example let me put it on the wiki if you got like you know 200k and it's just sitting over there for example you watched my live stream and you think oh well that blue box well I'm telling you when we were over here for example and you got like 300k or 350k well whatever put in those damn buy orders, 76, 75, 74. 73, 72, 71. Just put in those buy orders over here. That money is doing nothing on your account anyway. But if it will get hit, only a small bounce up will make you so much money.

00:58:05
Look at the world, but wait, MW, but what if it crashes even more down? Show me one chart where that happened. I'm not talking about shitcoins or rock pools. I'm talking about solid, strong altcoins. Even if this thing would dump down very hard, 99% of the times, it goes up again. It bounces up very strong, just as strong. You can make sick money. You cannot imagine. You can also do this on shitcoins, by the way, but you have to do it on lower amounts. Because I've done it a lot with these shitcoins, but I did it on much lower amounts. Okay. I'm running out of time. I've been talking way too much today. I've been talking way too much. It's just too much.

00:58:54
So let me go to the, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go. So we got this one, first of all. Look at this, guys. Korean. Pump, dump. Big time. Pump, dump. You asked me how to make 50X. So this is for you, you know, Maybe 50x in three months is conservative. Conservative, is that the right word? For you, maybe. For others, it's a point of view. Conservative means cautious. You would go higher. Okay, thank you. i need to hire some some some english lecturer if you say conservative you mean like 100x as possible so if you say yes yes that's what i meant that's what okay well then i did good i did great i did good okay so my english is improving yes because you know since i'm living over here

01:00:04
like everyone talks english so i'm i'm i'm talking i'm speaking a little bit more english i'm trying to get my english accents also a little bit more better so uh yeah so so i'm very proud of myself by by talking talking that you know the classic english so no uh so excellent guys actually uh this bump and dumpy going same story over here boom boom uh ardor ardor were the monster ardor ardor ardor is not available on a lot of exchanges to show the crap off so this will show also by the way guys also you know i'm gonna give you guys so much education today if you see that a coin is not available on many exchanges to short it means that the power up will be bigger so for the spot traders a tip for you guys when you're hunting some coins to buy to make money on if you find a coin that is

01:01:00
on volume and you check that there is it's not available on many exchanges to to to short that will give you more confidence that means that if you want to put in 10k put in 20k no no financial advice by the way use the indicator but i'm just telling you i'm giving you i'm giving you the tips okay so strax also uh boom boom uh it's going down and then we get iq also oh koreans what's oh koreans are in a bearish Koreans are in a bearish mode today. Oh, oh, Koreans are in a bearish mode today. Oh, look at this! Look, tea. Oh, tea. So basically, let me show you this because I'm seeing some of the reconfirms they are asking me about tea. It's very simple tea.

01:01:49
It's just put it on the weekly. You see? Look, put it on the weekly. So this was the weekly. Okay. And then you do this. Ah, oh, okay, now I understand why. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So this is all you have to do. You have the indicator. Look at this. T, but listen, guys, by the way, T, you know, this is something why I'm liking these Koreans. You know, these Koreans are my buddies. I love them. They are my supermen, you know, my heroes. Look, I love it when they start pumping bottom formation coins. Why is this so important to us? Because we are waiting to buy in again right, right, salsa, right, yes, yes, we're waiting to buy anything I shared your coin yesterday as well that looked exactly like this, yeah.

01:02:43
So we're looking. But it's not about the Koreans; it's not about what Koreans are pumping okay. I'm you know sometimes in my mind I go a little bit too fast for you guys, let me, let me, let me take it step by step. When we get to the ranges where we're gonna buy in again, it means we, my style and w style; we buy the bottom formations coins, we buy direct coins that's what we do. So when we buy those in at those moments, we now have the Koreans to pump our backs into a 10x out of nothing. Because that's what this chart is showing me. That they're not only pumping because you have to see it like this.

01:03:32
When you see like, when you go to CT, when you go to Twitter, you see all your favorite crypto gurus shilling some points. Maybe you guys didn't. Maybe you guys didn't, didn't, didn't. Freak. How do I say this? Maybe you guys didn't give attention to this. Maybe you didn't notice it. Notice it, yes. Thank you. So, you have to step in when I lose those those words so when you know, maybe you guys didn't notice it, but most of the times they shield the coins that already bumped, for example, when a coin was here and it's here, and that's when they start you know sharing it on Twitter, on YouTube, whatever. This is going to 20x this, is going to do 50x, is going to do one or whatever, whatever.

01:04:16
So, this is really marketing machine, and you know paid shields, and these guys get paid to do that, so they get you practical because over here they tell you about it, and then they leave you behind over there. But this is why I'm telling you these Koreans; I love these Koreans. Why? Because they are not pumping coins that are already up; they're pumping also coins that are at Bottom formations and you know for us we have our coins selected and we buy our coins, and if our coins are only 20 or 30, they will bounce anyway. But you know, if only 20 or 30, it'll be Korean coins, They could bump our backs like crazy. So this is what I'm liking. This is what I'm trying to give you guys. Okay, then we got this Argo. This is again. So this is, and by the way, guys, you see this bump up. Do you know how much it dumped?

01:05:19
We say in Dutch, 80%. Do you know? This is 80. Do you know how they say 88 in Dutch? For the Dutch people, this sounds normal. But, you know, for the rest of the world, what the freak of a language is that, bro? What the freak are you talking about? Those are a lot of in that language, you know, so 88, so listen guys, look 80 down and and where did it bounce up at the indicator, it's mind-blowing, yes I know, so but forget about this one, made a lot of money in this one, so let me go into the the retail farm, so uh, yes, love to hear the G.

01:06:21
So, you know, when do we know if someone is really native Dutch or he's just a fake? It's, you know, ask him to say a word like, you know, gevangenis. They cannot say it because we have this clank and, you know, like koningin or koninginnendag. It's only Dutch people that can say that. The rest of the world, they can't. That's why, you know, the freaks are, you know. Oh, we got Erwin from Den Haag. Den Haag. Oh, oh, Den Haag. Listen, guys, let's see. What do we got? What do we got? What do we got? We got tea. We talked about tea. Okay, what do we got more from DoritoFam? What do we got? We got whiz. Whiz? Sorry? Gun and whiz, yeah. Gun and whiz. Okay, so let me.

01:07:12
Is this Korean or is this just? I think Gunn was also on the Korean list yesterday. I need to check. Let me use this one, Gunn. And the other one was Wiz. Wiz. Except that I booked a flight yesterday with Wiz Air. Wiz, Wiz, Wiz. Weeks is, by the way, also having this one listed. I love it. Love to see it. Good for weeks. I hope they solve their security things. I think Weeks is new on TradingView, actually. I think it wasn't there before. No, no, no. I had a chat with the CEO of Weeks. It was, I think, months ago, two months ago or something. And he told me this already. He told me it's coming. He told me we're waiting for some things. He told me we're going to get listed on TradingView.

01:08:06
And it's just, you know, a lot of people that, you know, you have to understand where I come from, you know. You can be my best, best friend or you can be my best partner in business or you can even, you know, I don't care about money. I don't care about nothing. The moment I see that my community gets hurt by whoever it is, if it's a person, if it's a business, you know, I don't give a crap. You know, I just go 180 degrees. That's just who I am. And, you know, sometimes it's hard for people to believe this. But by time, if you follow me, you know me, by time you will understand this. Because, you know, you have to see it like this.

01:08:50
Suppose that, you know, I would go into a partnership and, you know, we got to pay you $10 million MW and you're going to be our best partner. Because, you know, I'm getting a lot of offers for people that want to advertise on my YouTube channel, on all my live streams. And they, you know, they offer me sick money. And, you know, I refuse and decline them all. Because this is just who I am. I just don't care about whatever money out there in the world if you are going to hurt my community. It's just a no-go. I don't care how many zeros you're going to add to whatever check you got over there. This is just number one. And this is why I'm also very strict with my followers.

01:09:32
When I see them going out of line, I'll block you. You know, if you want to be good with me, always stay inside the borders and you know, I get it that you get excited that you get, you know, maybe you took some ecstasy pills or maybe you know, made you, made some nice gains and you know, you just cannot control yourself. I don't care, just you know for my part, just go party on some yard to do whatever this you want to do but just make sure don't go endanger my community they, you know, I'm not their financial advisor, but they, you know, they follow me. They trust me. And, you know, whatever happens in this world, I will never, ever, ever endanger their trust. That's my promise that I can give to you. So we got this whiz. I really have no. Whiz Woods. Wait a minute. Whiz Woods. What is Whiz Woods? Whiz.

01:10:40
You guys come with these coins, what is this wood's woods? This is some you know it's on you, you can trade it on the dexes, I think. Something you know, I cannot, it's not USDT but I cannot find it, it's not, it's not, I cannot find it on the pair so. You know, this thing is pumping. I really have no clue. I really have no clue. You know, this is new and it's, you know, it's here for some two weeks or three weeks, and, you know, it's pumping. I really have no clue what to say about it. Just be careful because it's already pumped up. So, I really have no clue what this is. What is gun? Gun. Oh, gun. And what's so interesting about gun? Why gun? Is anyone holding any gun?

01:11:33
Did you buy it over here somewhere? No, it's been on the high-volume coins a couple of days. And also today the volume is – On the Koreans? Let me check. Yes, the Koreans, I think. I think I saw it on the Koreans. No, no, no, it's not the Koreans. No, no, no, it's not the Koreans. So this is not the Koreans. So let me tell you this. This is – You know, I haven't seen this coin. I would short the crap out of it on every bounce. What did you say, MW? Yes, you heard me right. It's already down now. But, you know, if this thing by any means would go up, I would short the crap out of it. That's it. I love you all for watching. Thanks all for watching.

01:12:20
Thanks for joining in. By the way, guys, watch this vid again. Because I know I've said some crazy stuff today. Um, maybe I said a little bit too much, but I've said a lot of crazy stuff today. But whatever it is that I said, think about it, use it; I said a lot of crazy stuff today, so put it on 2. 5 or whatever. Watch it again because that crazy stuff could help you. I love you all. Thanks for watching. If you want to join us, GTC inside is where you can DM, uh, your UID. Blow from B2NX are the only two. I'm eyeing a third party for a partnership, uh, while we're still solving their security things. Um, so yeah, so we're going to take it step by step. Let's see what's going to happen. Uh, yeah. Have a nice one. Bye. Bye.