undefined
okay welcome welcome retail fam gtc members and welcome to everyone that it's on a patreon on on telegram and that has access to the leverage trading course fit so trading course with 4 . 0 case trading uh so i already made a bit like this and for the ones that understand i made a second one without voice so i'm gonna make another one so the the previous one that has been made i don't know weeks ago is about bearer but uh you know i was thinking to myself um i'm gonna make another one for a layer because layer is now uh running and you know it's a very good example so you guys because you're i think a lot of you guys are already training layer so this will be a better example to use for chase trading so you guys will also better understand

what it is and how to chase trade so before we're going to start with it first of all i want to show you bearer because bearer was one of those coins you know first of all when you see me making a promise about shorting a coin to a two two thousand short p no um i never break a promise uh and i so far i haven't been wrong so every coin that i made a promise about it happened and there's a reason why it happens because i believe you have to believe if you want to chase trade so chase trading is also for people that are not on daily on the Charts so people that have got full-time jobs and families; they don’t have the time to keep checking charts, so Chase Trading is a style for those people.

So today we’re gonna dig in; I’m gonna explain you step by step how to chase trade, I’m gonna tell you step by step how to protect your your position and how you can make life-changing money on this strategy, so you have to understand that every strategy that I created is based on not losing money, so what does that mean? If I would have just a little bit like one percent doubt that I'm gonna lose the trade, I will not take it. So this is something many have to understand, I don’t Lose. And I know that, you know, when you see that in theory, you just don't understand. You just don't get it. But I don't lose.

And, you know, I'm sharing as much proof as possible past months for you guys to understand that I just don't lose. It's even with my short ETF, the only coin that was in the red OM dumped down to almost zero. You have to understand I don't lose. And why don't I lose? Because. this is what I'm, I suck in many things but there's nobody I personally know that can beat me on the charts or in trading or understanding crypto or financial markets, nobody I know personally can beat me on this. So I'm sorry I lost my voice because I'm gonna do it all over again. So first of all, you have to understand when you're choosing a coin to chase trade, you know this is something uh I might be explaining in the upcoming training course so I will not discuss this now because otherwise this video will get way too long.

You cannot chase trade any coin, case trading you have to really choose your targets that's number one. Number two is and this is very important for a lot of people that are trying to chase trade while they didn't watch this vid uh for example the following uh the GTC team whatever it is. Got a 10k portfolio? Let me give you just 10k portfolio um, you can never ever ever use you can do it, but it's but it's if you're only going to trade for example, bear or lay, you're not going to trade any other coins then it's fine, you can use your whole portfolio. But most of the time, that's not that's not reality. So For example, my advice is when you're trading, trade like four or five altcoins max.

Don't trade more. And if you want to go into another trade, just close one of the trades. Take the profits, take the money, then go to the next. Don't trade more than four or five altcoins because that way you'll just lose the focus on what you're actually doing. in my in this case uh let's say that you're trading for altcoins your trading portfolio so you got you want to chase trade para if you want to chase trade a coin you have to also trade it based on that strategy it means that you're going to use only 25 you're going to use only 25 of the money that you own on your trading portfolio for this trade so it all starts over there so this is the start it all starts over here so you're going to use only 25% of the money on your trading account for this trade.

So this is the start because it's all about the size that you're going into. I'll explain in further details how to execute it because at the end of the road, it's always about execution. Keep in mind that you use only 20%. You only will reserve 25%. So it's not like, you know, I've got like three trades running or four or five. And, you know, I'm going to chase trade better. And, you know, I'm just going to use my 10K or 12K that I got on my portfolio. That's not how you chase trade. That's not how you should do it. So you have to. Calculate only the money so if you're gonna take

like 25 let's say let's say 20 let's take 20 it's an easy number to use so 20 it means that you're going to use 2k for this position so when you're going to use 2k for this position first of all i want you if you especially if you're going to do a chase rate you have to do it on a 5x minimum so if your entry will be for example let's say eight bucks uh your your liquidation level needs to be at 40 bucks and if you want to risk more that's your own choice to make um you can do 3x or 4x but you know my advice is always always 5x minimum so if you own the funds you can even make it 7x 8x 10x doesn't matter but you need to push it there So it all starts over here.

This is just like trading course with number one if you're trading, but then it's a little bit lower. But for chase trading, you have to know. So what happened over here, you're probably not going to need that 5X or 3X in 99% of the times because you have to see it like this. This is also some; today I'm going to explain you when a trade goes against you. You have to keep in mind that when a chase trade hits in more than 70, 80% of the times, it will just dump down. You don't even need to chase trade it; it will just pay out directly. But today we're going to talk about when a chase trade goes against you.

And the problem with a lot of retailers is when a trade goes against them, they start putting in too much funds; they will start oversizing themselves. And when they overestimate themselves, they will get emotional. And when they get emotional, they'll start making mistakes. They will start taking losses. They will start, you know, getting out. Or maybe they cannot sleep and they want to just close. This is the amateur way. So, you have to prepare yourself. So I'm not going to take Barra. Listen, Barra, we call this one. We destroy that three times. On this one, on this one, and also. Yeah, two times sorry, two times on this one and on this one we destroyed Barrow so Barrow was a bonus. Barrow gave us two times and guys this is life-changing money so let me go.

It's all about by the way Anna you for the ones that remember Anna look at these guys and you know you have to understand that when MW uh this is the difference between the shilling machine, the marketing machine uh on on Twitter and the professional traders and you know I'm about the only professional trader that is trying to help you guys on X. It's very simple over here. This is exactly when uh you remember Mr. Capo was making over our Shilling this coin to death but it was not only Capo because Capo is just uh, Capo is just uh a puppet uh from the marketing machine so now I don't even understand how people take this guy seriously or even follow this. I really have no clue what.

They do you know this is the the problem in crypto there are so many stupid people in crypto and that's why crypto is so successful that's why you guys are gonna make uh so you know that's why professional traders they you know they're getting richer every day again and again because of these stupid people but listen it was also the Trump Foundation that was buying Anna at these levels and announcing it. Look at this. This is 80% down. 80% down. You know, I made the promise. I showed you the $2,000, but the $2,000 was much bigger. By the way, guys, the $2,000 P &O is just, you know, it's just a number. Because when I say 2,000, it's based on a 35X.

But, you know, in reality, what the dump is, and it's huge. It's between the 60% to 80% on a spot bet. That's a lot, guys. That's really massive. And for someone that goes against the whole world and openly says, I'm going to show this thing, and I promise you I'm going to make 2,000% on it, it's just mind-blowing. It's really mind-blowing. But either way, we've got to get into it. We've got to get into it. Okay, so this is what I'm going to show you. I think that you will learn most from this thing that is now ramping up. Because this is one of those. This is one of those chase trades that has been opened. So first of all, so let's say, because I'm going to give you an example on this one.

Let's say that your open chase trade started over here. So this was your first entry. So first of all, I told you to use. got over here this entry and then uh the stop loss will be a 5x so uh let's just let's just say seven bucks let me make this for you green so this is the stop loss and this is when you decided to chase trade this and this is how it works in chase trading because 70 80 of the time is this is what you'll see It goes up you're gonna chase trade it and it just goes down here and then you're gonna cash in those money that money It's that simple. That's how it most of the time works, but let's say that this time well, it broke above it and you know: You're chasing trading it for high entries because that is what it's all about in taste waiting; people think it's about the amount, about the size, no.

In taste waiting. It's about this red line. It's about your entry. How are you? Going to higher up your entry while you're chase trading and how are you protecting your 25% of your portfolio while you're doing it? So, this is what we're going to talk about. Suppose that this was your entry; this was your interview; so, this is on the daily; so this was your entry and when you go in on an entry and you start chase trading, so if this is a chase trade, so you're not going to use any stop loss; you're not going to go out the markets go against you. You got to stay into this position. That's what you got to do. So, first of all, chase trading, you have to start with 25% off the 25% of your portfolio.

So, you never get to put in the whole amount; you get to put in just 20 or 20 because it's a chase trade. If that 20%, 25% of your money will work out over here, congrats. You can use the Indy to add to your position if it gets invalidated on the indicator. That's another story we're not about when the trade goes against, because I'm now showing you the doom scenario, but the doom scenario uh most of the time works out for the winner scenario because that's when you make the biggest case because your position is really fully loaded so what's gonna happen now next is is so over here you open up 25, so 25, 25 of your position is in so you still got like 75% of your money is still, you can add it and your liquidation level will remain the same with that 75%.

So 25%, not of your portfolio, 25% of the $2. 5K or the 2K that you, you know, or the $ 10K. That's what you're going to use. So 25% of that money. So let's say that you put in 3K. uh 300 bucks what am i saying 500 bucks not five let's say 600 bucks so 600 bucks is in from the two and a half k so this thing ramps up over here like you know 10 percent most of the times you can you know you can you can start drawing because this works very good by the way guys this works very good you can all do this hey what is this thing

doing so this works very good by the way guys you can do something like always you can put those trend lines in so when you see some kind of this happen you can put it like this you can put it like this and why is this so important because you can make your next entry level space on this one so uh if this one goes up over Here like it's over here that you know okay I'm going to put in uh let me remove this I'm going to put in over here. Hey. I'm going to put in over here my next order. And then you can do something. Okay, if it gets over here, I'm going to put in my next order over here. Because you need to put in those orders.

This is not live trading. You just put in those orders. No fear. Just put them in and let them be. If they hit, they hit. If the funding rates are red, they will probably hit. So what happens is. Is so over here this is 25 and then over here we've got a next 25 or you make it 25 and then you know and over here you got your next 25 you know you got them always ready, you guys pump it up uh I'm ready I'm loading up uh so next 25 and then you get your last 25 okay. But now comes the very important question. But wait a minute, MW, if I was in over here, I'm out of money. If this thing would go up even more at 2.

83, whatever, then, you know, I cannot add to my position exactly. And this is where people go, you know, they just don't understand what they're doing. And this is how it works in Chase Trading. And you don't need to do this on a five minute or 15 minutes. You need to do this on the one hour or four hour. So what you do is, so for example, you went in on the Chase Radar. By the way, guys, while I'm explaining this, I never lost one penny on this strategy. Never, ever. So I know it's a little bit annoying to a lot of people on Twitter when they see me. I'm always so confident. You know, when I'm asking. Look at my eyes. What do you see? When I tell you, listen, never doubt me.

There is a reason for that confidence because I just don't lose. It's that simple. I don't lose. You know, I've been building my wealth by focusing on not losing trades. And that's what made me the most money. So I just don't lose. So while you're watching this, look at this. So, for example, this is what's your entry. If you get loaded up over here, your entry will go up. If you get loaded up over here, your entry will go more up. If you get loaded up over here, your entry will be over here. It's all about pushing this line up. It's all about this entry. This is if the trade goes against you, like 20%, 30% of the times. So what you're going to do, the only focus that you need is this red line.

It needs to go up and just have patience. Just wait for it. So, while this thing, while your entry, let's say that your entry was over here, you got filled, filled, filled, sorry, entry will now be around over here. Just saying something. But MW, but, you know, I have no money anymore. You do have money. And MW, I want this thing to push even higher. I want this thing to go high because if this thing goes higher, liquidation will also, by the way, go up. But it depends on if you're doing it the right way with the right amounts of money that you're taking profits on. We're going to get into that in a moment. So this is what chase trading is about.

So if the trade goes against you, your only focus that you're having is this thing needs to go up. This thing needs to go up with the price. How am I going to do that? That's something I'm going to explain. So we're going to the four hours. So when you're going to the four hours, guys, we're going to put on the indicator. By the way, guys, I want to repeat myself, and I'm going to repeat myself again and again. This indicator is the best indicator in the world. I don't care what jewel indicator you have or market cipher indicator you have; whatever buy-sell indicator you have. I've seen them all, tested them all, and you guys know me. I'm not selling this indicator or whatever. I don't give a freak.

If you just trade and blow for Novitonex, you'll get this thing for free. This indicator is the best indicator in the markets. So I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. So, this was our entry. This was our entry. This was our entry. So, we got filled. And we got filled also over here. This was the next 25% that you're seeing over here. We got filled over here. What you're gonna do is this so while we got a field over here this thing will probably be over here When this thing filled you over here this move down is profit So this 25% over here that you get filled on back is

a profit maybe your p l if you're if suppose that your your average entry is still over here but it will be aware let's just say that it's still here even if your penal your total penal is in red it doesn't change the fact that this one this one this the money this amount of money uh sorry this amount of money that you've put in over here this is a profit This is the loss. Why are you seeing it over, you know? And the big problem with retailers is they don't dare to decrease their position when it's still in red because they see it as a loss. And it isn't a loss because if you would just this amount, exactly this amount that you put in over here.

If you would just decrease, suppose that this was 700 bucks that you got filled on. Over here, what you do is when you go close and you do 700 bucks close. That's the profit that you make. And it's a big profit that you took from because this dump, this is a big, this is a big profit. And why is this so? So it doesn't matter if your position is in red. Don't care about that. Care only if the indicator on the full hour gets hit; I have to respect it, because especially if I would go over here to funding rates on Coinalyze and I see that still there's some red over here, it might mean that the position will still get ramped up, especially with the indicator on.

You have to trust the damn thing. So even if the price would just dump down over here very hard, you got this 25% that is printing for your money. And this 25%, you already cashed in a lot of money over here. So don't, if this thing just drops down from here, oh my God, I shouldn't have taken it. I shouldn't have taken it. This is the wrong mindset. There are like a thousand trades out there. Don't focus, keep your wealth. You know, I can teach you how to be a GDC trader. I can teach you how to be a winner. I can teach you how to not lose money. But are you willing to listen? Because there is something I cannot control and I cannot teach you.

I cannot teach you how to fight greed, how to fight your emotions. I cannot teach you that. You yourself need to. You need to conquer that. You need to win from your greed and emotions in yourself. If you want to be a professional trader, if you want to make life-changing money, you have to destroy greed and emotions in yourself. And what does that mean? That when you went in over here, this is law. You have to take profits over here. You don't have to wait until it hits the indicator. If it gets near it, just take it. And you can also, for example, when it gets in there, oh, maybe it's not going to touch and they're going to miss.

You take like, you start taking, for example, if you want to take the 700, you start taking 200 over here, another 200 over here. And then if the last 200 or 300 doesn't hit, so be it. No problem. It's changed rating. You already cashed in. So what happens is when this thing goes up, so over here, you see it hit the next zone. And by the way, guys, it's not that I planned this or something. I just drew some lines. And this is just reality. This is how it works. So over here, your next 25% has been filled. But, but, but, now comes the story. The profits that you have been taking over here, they need to get back over here. So the next 25% that you will add is, again, you're going to place it over here.

And, you know, we can take it even a step further because if you would check the funding rates, you see that price might spike up even more because the funding rates are super red or you see that Bitcoin is finding momentum. You can even choose to this 25% to higher it up a little bit, DCA a little bit more higher. Because, you know, at the end of the road, it's all about this one. This one needs to go up. Because what happened now, you have to see it like this. The snowball effect will now start. Because why? You took profits over here. So it means that the money increased on your account. And while you took profits, you're going to take 25% of the money that you have over there.

So this position of 25% will be in reality maybe 40%. So you're going to put it in. So when you took profits over here and you bought back in over here, this one will jump up again. It keeps jumping. Okay, it's up again. So what happens next is this one has gotten hit. Do you see? You got to be filled over here. And I don't know how much of this 25% because it just touched it. Maybe it's just 10%. It doesn't matter. It came back to the indicator. You're going to do the exact same thing. You're going to take the profits from this one. And you can even take some of this one because it's below. Green never turns into red. This is about.

About the sizing position, so you can take a chunk out over here and then you can tell me I'm W, but wait a minute, but it's it's it's below it doesn't matter because you still got this bastard over there, this bastard is still in, you know if you don't want to dump more, you got to make money on this amount, but you have to protect your capital on these ones, so what happens next? Okay, it went up again, it went up again, this 25 that you took profits on over here is now in reality the amount is maybe now 50, 60, so this win, bang, bang, you're getting filled again, you're getting filled again, and guess what, yes, it came down again, and by the way, guys, this is just an example, you know it works on all of them the same, it's the same style, so over.

Here, what happens is You got them filled on this one again. And again, you're printing money on this position. And on this one, you're making a little bit money. But on this one, you're making the big money now. So this one, what you're going to do, you're going to take it out. And this amount of money, so we started with 600. This amount is maybe now $1,000 or $1,100 or $1,200. And it's much bigger than this one that you first of all started. With and it's smaller than this one, this is the biggest one, so this one, you take profits again, and you still got this one running, by the way, guys, this one is still waiting for you, so you take profits again.

So over here, you take like 50 out, this monkey already jumped up again, you know this monkey keeps jumping while you're doing this, so then okay, you took like uh this amount, you took all the profits over here again and there you go again and over here, you got a hit over here and this is by the way now a huge amount. So uh this is now running, so this money is running, this money is running, this money is running. But let me tell you, by getting hit again, this thing is now over here, you see how hard it goes. So what you're basically doing is you're pushing your entry up and sometimes you're even making money in the process, so now your entry Is over here so then okay wait wait and then oh look at that now you got a hit from here again and it came back over here we didn't hit the indicator but it's it's now running and you're in profit so this amount is a profit

This thing is about break even. So the only losses that you got is this thing, this entry, and this entry. Remember? These are the two you got losses on. But because you took profits, this amount is now bigger than these two. It could even be that this amount is bigger than both of them. So it means that your entry is higher up. So when you look at your trading amount, you see that your losses are very small. At that moment and you still got this one running so when you see this one running but what we're also seeing is that this trend line is trending up so you have to calculate for yourself oh

wait a minute but now I've got this one but what if because you have to this is how you have to think what if we gotta hit this one what if this thing is really in in a formal mode and you've what you do is first of all you're gonna check the funding rates or is it still right yes if it's super red If it's super red, okay, wait a minute. I have to be careful over here because this might, because if this thing goes sideways, we might hit this zone also. So what you do there when you take profits over here, you decrease a little bit of amount. Maybe you got to make, because in reality, this is around 70% or maybe 80%.

What you do is you're going to make 40 or 30%. And then you're going to reserve that for this level, just in case it wants to spike up to this level that you're going to get filled. That's how you do it, and we're talking now. You don't have to add margin; you don't have to add money. You know this is just the same amount that 25 of your trading portfolio you are Chase trading with that money so you don't get emotional; you don't get scared. Your liquidation level is very far away, and you're just doing whatever it is that you're doing. You're making money, and you're the only thing the only purpose that you got is pushing this one up, and you're making also money on every on every stop.

It's this is so annoying, you know. So you're pushing this thing up every time when it bounces up, and then now you're just waiting. You have to keep in mind that you always have to own money in that same position to fill up if this thing wants to go higher, and that's why it's so crucial that you can take need to take profits. You can also by the way do this for the ones that have a little bit more time on the charts; you can also do this on the One hour by the way if you owe more time here on the charts you know like this ramp up over here you take profits ramp up over here you take profits it's just like over here ramp up over here you take profits uh what is it over here you can take profits over here you take profits over here you take profits and you keep filling the bounces up So on the indicator, you take the profits.

And when I say profits, I'm just saying like a 20%, 30%. Under one hour, it's, you know, you have to really keep it at 10, max 20%. And every time when it hits, it bounces up, you fill it up, you fill it up, and so on, and so on, and so on. So this is how it works in Chase Trading. And now comes, so what you're doing now is you're just pushing your entry price more, more, more, more, more. Because you have to see it like this. No matter what money you're making, you're investing. This is an investment, what you're doing now. So it doesn't matter all those small amounts of money you're making. That money, you're just making it so you can increase your position and you can increase your entry.

Because the big payday, this is the big payday. This is the big payday, guys. Because this will be the big payday. The big payday is when this will happen. Stop that. this this is your payday this is your when this will happen this is when you make life-changing money this will happen this is where you're gonna make the life-changing money guys and that's what you're building over here with layer you're building you're building now your position as high as possible with a decent amount so when this thing start crashing down start doing like this you know come back to earth you know when it does like this this is where you can

cash in you can also it you know it's it's your own satisfaction if you want to take your money if you think like oh wait a minute i went in with two and a half k and i've got like 7k now uh uh it's enough for me take it if you went in with uh 50k and you got like 130k you made 80k on it take it if you made 200k take it i you know i don't care as long as you make really really decent big amounts of money that's what it's all about in this strategy if even if you if the price would only dump down to one let's say 150 over here if you're satisfied with the amount of money that you made and you know mw i'm not gonna risk it you know uh this is some solid support i'm i'm done take it and by the way we always have this is this rule of uh green never turns into red but

also you have to take some profits on the way down on you know because if this thing comes down to the daily indicator you have to take at least 50 out you have to take it out it's a lot of money so it's to your own satisfaction how you want to take profits when we dump you know when things are in green and you're making money I don't care if you want to liquidate it all if you want to take it off you want to leave I don't care where I care is that you don't lose money That's the only part that I care about. That's when I will be focused. So even in the beginner's course or for the high volume traders, my focus with you will be how you will not lose money. How much money you want to make when you're in the green, that's your own thing. I can teach you some things about that, but that's not the most important part because you'll be successful anyway. I have to teach you how to not lose money. That's the focus. Because if I know that you're not gonna lose money, I know that you're gonna be successful anyway. Have a nice one, thanks for watching and uh until the next 20 course video, bye.