undefined
Retail Firm, Retail Firm, Retail Firm, MW3 Private Group, Trading Course 3. 0. Yes, yes, it's coming. It has been taking a while before I did it, but I've been busy, sick, traveling, whatever. So a lot of things going on in my life and also for the GTC community because I cannot say too much about it, but a lot is going to change. But it's not about that today. Today it's about trading course 3. So I'm going to explain you guys in detail how to trade meme coins. It's about meme coins-you can also trade this by the way on other altcoins, but today it's about meme coins and how to trade the indicator on the meme coin, so how to how to make money, how to become financially independent, the safe way by trading the MW indicator, the best indicator in the world.

By the way, and you can disagree with me, but show me anyone who knows any other indicator working better than this one, so just DM me if you I'll just put on my objective glasses and I hope that there will be one that's better than this one, so I really hope it because if it is, I'll share it, I'll tell you about it. So first of all, the indicator and how to trade it, how to make money on it, I already explained in a lot of vids, but apparently new members or new members that join in, they just don't get it. They just need it step by step. Well, you guys are trading on Wix. You're trading on Bitunex. You're trading on Binance, the best three non-KYC exchanges in the world, accessible everywhere.

First of all, I really want to make sure that you guys understand this-you guys really need to open up all three of those exchanges: all three of them. And when you take trades like if it's any meme coin, doesn't matter what one it is, you have to be trading it on three platforms, especially if you're also in the game trading Crip community and also in my free private because when I give a call, when I give a call-You have to keep in mind that those guys, especially in high volume, those exchanges, market makers, they see this. And they could counter-trade us. Well, I've educated you guys in trading course number one and two, how to protect yourself against those spikes. And especially if you're trading, also make sure that you've got a B2NX account.

Why? Because B2NX, they have the only one-that I know in the world-that has these will spike protections for retailers. So that's also a very important part. So make sure the links are all there, when you go to my Twitter page, in my bio, there's a link tree, all Bit2Next, Weeks and Blowfin, all three of them are over there. So make sure that you open up an account over there. And when you trade, just do it on three exchanges. That's the best style, especially if you're a high volume trader. If you're just a low volume trader, you trade just with a couple of hundred bucks or whatever, Then it's no need. You can just trade on the exchange as you do.

By the way, also for everyone that's going to watch this vid from the Free Private Group, we haven't been checking past weeks, months, if the members in the Free Private Group are actively trading. We haven't been checking on it so everyone is still in let me just tell you we have been busy game trading Crip has been very busy but we will be checking next week so the coming week so if you see that you're just disappeared out of the group know what the reason is uh apparently you're not active trading so that's why you get no access to these vids because I'm gonna make try to make now. The coming three, four weeks, trading course four, five, six will come out on a weekly basis. I'm going to try.

I cannot promise it, but it's going to happen. Also, a lot of trade setups. I'm trying. By the way, guys, for the ones that have been following me, watching my vids yesterday, the team is going. They reserved a very huge amount, two million bucks. They're going to short the crap out of all this Ponzi FOMO coins. Just imagine these guys. I know for sure that they're gonna make a lot of money. I know it; You know, they already got a lot of money, but they gotta make so much more money and this is the professional stuff. I know the amateurs, the shillers, the influencers buy this, buy that; make a 5x, my 6x, that's whatever. This is the risky way. This is also their style on spot most of me.

So these guys; they make money on moves like as we speak. In their group, they're already having; they made a bank trade today. They made five figures on a small move. It's just what they do. It's just what they do. They're running in, I think it was 300% it was at some point. It's just a trade they take. You know, there are a lot of coins, by the way, are just exploding. Like yesterday, I made a vid about. Polkadot, and I told you, GLMI, and Fala. And, you know, both of them spiked up like crazy today. So it's, you know, the combination is huge because you can focus on the coins, like I educate you guys, that are at button formations. Those are the ones you have to go in.

And the ones that are like bunk, for example, over here, this one. Because they made the call over here. Please don't ask me how they null that timing. Because they just timed it perfectly. They went in over here, boom, down. And the guys, they make five figures on this move. Just this move. Just this move, they make five figures on this move only. So don't ask me. They are trained how to recognize when they start going in. So that's about that. So focus on the coins that are at bottom formations, those are the coins to long. And the coins that are at all-time highs and are at very high levels. But you have to be careful. You have to know. You have to be a professional trader to recognize the one to short.

Because if you kind of short a coin that's going on beast mode, you'll get. 100 percent wrecked, so it's not just oh wait a minute this coin is at ultimate, so let me just go short; it doesn't work like this, uh like that, it just doesn't work. So first of all, let's begin about how to trade this meme course because this is bunk, but there will be like there will be like thousands of other charts similar to this one and there already have been like a thousand charts in the past just like this one; and I already, I keep repeating myself, but that's some I don't know what it is, but it's like retailers, they just don't get it, there is a small group in this group that do get it, and um can I say this yeah, some are running as.

We speak as we speak now, not on bunk beds or other coins that have similar charts like this, what I'm going to explain in a moment. They're running in like 140k gains, 230k gains, 300, 300k gains, etc., it's like XRP-the guy made 580k, $570k, whatever it was. So, bear with me. I already explained. This indicator is so strong, especially when FOMO hits in. I said it a million times. When FOMO hits in, volume hits in, momentum hits in, this indicator will make you rich. This is a guarantee. This is not if, it's just when. It's going to make you rich, but you have to act accordingly on it. You have to know what you're doing. So I explained. So look over here. So we've got this bank.

Okay, this meme coins found some momentum. Bank was going down, down, down, down, down. So you could have shorted this one, by the way, because this is a beauty. Over here, we broke below it, retested it, retest, retest, and boom, boom, boom. You made a lot of money. Okay, congrats. Over here on the four hour, this is on the four hour, by the way, we're going to lower timeframes in a moment. So this is for the ones that are working or having a busy life, et cetera. They can trade on a four hour and they can make huge gains. So over here, we closed above it. We came back, retest. This was your entry. So this was the entry over here. This was the entry. Let me make it a bit more clear.

So this was the entry. so okay there we go up up guys by the way you can do this on spot you can do this on leverage it doesn't matter if you do it on leverage you're gonna make more money and if you do it on spotter you got a big bag a lot of money you're also gonna make a lot of money so listen what happens is this boom this was the first rise sideways sideways look at this hold and by the way guys i just randomly chose this coin It's not that, oh, wait a minute, I'm just going to choose a coin that worked out on the indicator. No. You have to believe me, I just chose a random coin.

And I chose this one because I know that Game Trading Crypt, they gave the call in their paid group to short this one over here. And they already took profits three times. So this is, okay, there we go. Boom, boom, boom. Put your stop loss below it. It's not going to hit. boom boom boom boom and then the second one up, you just hold on as long as it's above it, hold on hold on hold on over here, I'm still, I'm still coughing like crazy, still hold on hold on look over here look over here. And now comes for the ones that are beasts, so the real traders that have the balls they even add to their bags and what they do is most of the times, what they do is for example they opened up this position on weeks and then they open up another position over here with a stop loss new position on btnx just below over here just so they go in stop loss below the indicator on btnx.

They left this one for example this one was blowing and then over here on weeks they open up the second one Go, go, go, go, go, go. And then over here, they open up their next one on, what am I saying? So, Blovin, Weeks, and then B2Next. So, Blovin, Weeks, B2Next. Or you can, whatever you want. Weeks, B2Next, Blovin, whatever. They open those positions, new positions, based on the indicator for continuation. They do it on a lot of exchanges. So, and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And guys, just let me just show you guys. Let me just show you. This is, this is on a 20X, this is a $4,000 P&L. On a 30X, this is a $6,000 P&L. This is life-changing money.

This is life-changing money. And you know, at some point, you can take some profits on the lower times; I'll explain that in a moment, but what you guys are seeing over here this will happen on a lot of coins and it will also happen on the way down because if I would invert this chart, you see this test down, test down, test down, test down, test down-are you seeing this? Are you seeing this tool, if you have this indicator, you have this You have to be happy about owning this, this, this indicator. It could make you super rich; you just have to know how to trade it so. For now, the ones that have been trading this, they're still in it. They don't care.

So this is for the ones that don't have time to trade or that are busy or whatever. The only thing that you have to do-you have to put your stop loss and higher it up. Listen, over here, your stop loss was here; over here, you're higher up here. Let me show you. For example, over here, your stop loss was over here. You're in gains, your stop loss is over here. You're in gains, your stop loss goes over here. You're in gains, your stop loss goes over here. You're in gains, your stop loss is over here. Now your stop loss is over here. I've seen this. You don't have to exit the trade. If you're happy, just like the retail firm member that made almost 600k on XRP, at some point he made so much money, he just went out.

I'm out. I don't care. If it goes up, he doesn't care. He was, by the way, he bought GMR yesterday. And so he's running in 20% gains over there. But that's just the style. That's just the stuff. Because when you're satisfied with an amount of money that you made and you think to yourself, 'Wait a minute, I'm happy what I have. I don't need any more. It's just enough for me. Just take it. No greed. There is no greed. Just take the damn money. If you're satisfied with the money you made, if it's over here or it's over there or it's now, just take the damn money. Okay, so.' This is on the four-hour for the ones that don't own the time, let me go now to the one hour, let me remove everything, okay?

So this is the one when you go to the one hour, it will be a bit more choppy, so it will be. It doesn't mean when you see this choppiness over here, it doesn't mean that you cannot make money, you still can make a lot of money, but you just have to have more exits and more entries, and it's very simple, it's the same style over here. Hold the indicator entry boom, hold hold hold hold hold, this is where your star plus get hit in profits, it's just what it is, so you're out, you see this thing close above it, this is your entry again, are you seeing this? Let me show you over here, this was your entry, so you went out, you took the profits that you made from here to here, you're out over here, you go in again boom.

Look at this madness, by the way, guys. Look at this madness. This is crazy, guys. This is really crazy. So this is what you're seeing over here. Boom. Still in it. Boom. Because this is just a spike. You have to give it a little bit of space on the indicator, by the way, guys. Don't put it on the indicator. Give it like 1% or 2% below it. So over here, still in it. In it. In it. Over here is where you're at. We close below it. You're out. The momentum is decreasing. So you took huge profits. And then you could have taken a short over here, whatever you want. Because as you guys can see over here, rejected, rejected, rejected, rejected. This was your confirmation. This is your entry.

So you could have made some money over here. Over here, you're out again. Take the damn profits. You wait. Okay. Above it, I'm going into a long. Look at this. I'm going into a long. I don't care. Over here boom came back to the indicator boom up over here out again you take some profits you just wait or you're going to short whatever you want and then over here above it retest the indicator this is your entry again and there we go again boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom and as you guys can see as we speak why do you think that game trading crib in their group is taking profits They're taking profits. Why? Because they know that if this moved down, and by the way, guys, these guys go big.

So when they see this move down, they think, okay, wait a minute, they could pump it up just like they did it over here. So they take profits, but they will probably enter again. They will probably enter again. I know how they are. They will probably enter again because why? Because they're going for the big hit. They're going for the big jackpot. And the big jackpot, it's got to take some time. So in the process, they're just making those trades in and out, in and out, in and out. And at some point, they're going big, guys. They're going really big on a short. So they're really focused on the short. And yeah, maybe they're going to make the six figures again and again. For now, this is how you trade like a professional.

You're not a loser. You're not listening to some shill or going to the moon or some other guy that tells you we're going to zero, Bitcoin is going to zero. Listen, guys, all this bullish and bearish crap, this is exactly what makes retailers weak and they get them wrecked because you're believing in one narrative. And that's not going to happen because Crypto works like we're going up or down at some point we gotta do like this. It's just how everything works so when you have to be making the money over here, but you have to definitely also make the money over here and How to recognize these these moves and these they indicated that's what I'm educating you guys now, so let's go because Let me tell you about my favorite timeframes.

My favorite timeframes for the indicator are the four hour, the daily, the four hour, the one hour, the 15 minutes and the five minutes. So if you would go to the 15 minutes, this is what you're seeing now over here. So this might be an entry for Bonk again. This is just a lie. This is happening now. So this might be an entry for bank again, because it's going to read. Look at this. Under 15 minutes. We close below it. Rejected, rejected, rejected. And now it's testing again. So this is a scalp trade. It could be a scalp trade, but it could end up with a huge, huge trade. Because if it will get rejected here again, we're probably going to see another downside over here.

You're probably gonna see a more downside over here, but we've got the one-hour indicator is backing it up, so how to do you do that? Just put in those lines just put in lines just like this: look at this, you put in the lines and then you go to the 15 minutes. Okay, now you know, over here this is the resistance, but you also know that this this is the one-hour indicator is waiting for bunk over here. You could also what you could do is you could make it on the four-hour, you go over here and then you put in those lines on a four-hour. Now you see this way, now you know you know what you're doing if you're if you're trading this, especially in high volume.

So, for example, if you took the short over here, so suppose you're going to take the shorter wind, it's gonna come down, you know that over here, you have to be taking the damn profits, take profits and you leave something running. So, in case it wants to dump down to the four-hour level over here, but you have to take profits because if it will bounce up again, that's why you destroy your gains and you know lesson number One in GTC is green, never turns into red, so that's just one big lesson, never gonna happen, so now it's pushing the bonk as we speak, so this could be a short over here, this could be a short over here, and listen guys, this is very simple, because listen over here, if you would take a short over here, your stop loss is just above it, or you could even wait for it to close and if it closes above it, you're out.

It's that simple. You're just out. So you take that small loss, you take it. Don't be afraid, just take that small loss and wait for your next opportunity. Just like we're seeing over here, just like we're seeing over here. So over here, we lost it. This was the short entry. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Look how beautiful. So you make a lot of gains. Over here, you're out. You could even flip. Flip long over here boom boom boom you're in making money making money making money making money over here you're out retest over here you're out you wait close above it this could be an entry I would have taken entry over here because why because you have to focus more on the shorts because we already pumped a lot.

So you just wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait over here. This was your entry again over here. So this was the entry. You're making money over here. We're reaching. You take profits on the way down. And now this thing is romping up. So suppose that I would enter over here. Just suppose I would enter over here. You know, suppose I would enter over here. My stop loss would be just slightly above it. And if it closes above it, I'm just out. It's that simple. I take that small loss because you're making, listen, you're making money over here. You're making money over here, this one. These are huge gains. You made money over here. These are huge gains. You made money over here on a short. These are huge gains.

Do you care about that small amount of money that you're going to lose over here if it does break above the Indy? Look at these moves that you just made. It's a lot of money. So don't care about those small losses. This is if you're scalping, if you're trading a lower time frame. Don't care about those small. Just over here, put in the damn order, short order, and just slightly above it, you put in your stop loss. And if it closes above it, you're out. It's that simple. You take the small loss. When you catch those big moves, just like this move for example when you catch all those big moves, do you really care about these small, small, these small losses over here?

You don't care about them, so this is how you trade the indicator and let me tell you this. Why am I showing you guys the meme coins? Why am I doing that because meme coins are the best to trade with the indicator to make the most money, and why is that? Because they what they do is these guys, the most of the money is flowing into meme coins. It has been like this now for four times; this is the fifth, so we have to all agree that meme coins are ruling crypto at this moment. It's that simple. Don't deny, don't listen to Uncle Ren that tells you sell all your meme coins at the bottom and go buy other coins; just keep ramping up.

Because the facts and the charts are showing us that meme coins are ruling the crypto market as we speak. This is very important for you guys to understand, and I'll explain even more and more and more and more on my on my live streams, but this is just what it is at this moment, so if you're trading, just focus on meme coins; guys, I'm telling you this-the team is preparing for a huge big short on a lot of meme coins. Big, big, big shorts. So if those shorts will play out, if they would only retrace between 20 to 30, 40 percent, they will make millions. They will make millions. And I know for sure that there will be a lot of retailers that will also make millions by then. But this is only for the ones that own the funds and are high-volume traders. By the way, guys, for the ones that are high-volume traders, the team and I have been working on something over past weeks; the high-volume trades. And who is a high-volume trader? Let me explain you exactly what a high-volume trade is: a high-volume trader is someone that trades on weekly basis above one million dollars trading volume. Let me what is this

What is this? Okay. I really don't get it, but my music on my phone just went like that. Golly. So, what was I saying? So the ones that do trade. On a one million to two million trading volume in a week, so this is a high-volume trade not not a high-high volume trader, but you know the team trades are much higher. But the ones that are trading around the one-to-two-million trading volume in a week, send me a DM please because the team and I have been working on something special for you guys because you guys also are the most exposed on the markets and especially when you trade on high-volume there is another style for you guys to be made. So DM me if you're trading on very big volume.

And well, for now let's see uh it's getting rejected so I don't know what's gonna happen next but just be prepared. guys uh the big shorts are coming and you know i made this guys you know i can talk about this for hours but i think that it's clear you guys don't fear the markets don't fear the trades just do it and as you guys can see you can make you don't be afraid for losing money because you just get out when it when when the indicator tells you to get out you get out and don't worry about those small losses when you're trading the indicator you have to focus on these big moves these big moves and these big moves are coming are coming but they will not be looking like this Let me show you.

Because now, let me remove everything. Those big moves are, you know, we already had this one. Look, we already had this big move up. This will happen, guys. This will happen. At some point, this will happen. So if you missed this one, no problem. Please don't miss this one. And please share me those P &Ls in my DM. I'm not seeing a lot of P &Ls in my DM. Just DM me. Tell me. Listen, MW. We listened. We did exactly as you said. And I just made life-changing money. Here it is. Just show me. Don't be afraid. I don't need your money. I don't need your money. Some people are afraid to tell me, well, we listened and we made huge money. They're afraid that I'm going to ask them to donate or whatever.

Listen, anyone that wants to donate, he's free to do as he wants. And if he doesn't want to donate, I'm just happy if you're making money. That's what it's all about for me. So just show me those P&Ls and I'll be super happy for you. Because donations, that's something that has to come from yourself. It's not because I want you to donate. They have to donate because you want to donate. It's not because of me. So guys, I really hope that you guys learned something from this one. Have a nice one and bye-bye.