undefined
Welcome Retofam, MWM Worldkiller, Gain Trading, Crypto, Trading Course 1. 0. I decided to do a new streak of leverage trading, markets, crypto, everything related, everything you need to know to defend yourself against losses, liquidations and how to make the gains, gain trading and the best profits. So I think this will be a streak, well, it's going to be a huge streak. So I'm going to do the basic today, so I'm going to start with basic, not going into a lot of details, the tools to So I'm not going to talk about those ones, those will be, I'll talk about those ones in the next trading course vids, but I'm going into the basics and what does this basic vid going to show you.

of all, it's going to show you when I post something, so you guys will understand it means and how to trade it. So a lot of people, they get into the free private, but when I post something, they just don't understand what I mean by it. So that's the most important part. So that's why this will be also the most important trading course vid for you guys. By the way, I agreed with the team, this vid will also be provided in their group. So because they trade on my style, they trade a little bit more riskier than me, but they do the leverage trading, the shorting, etc. So that's really their thing, but they have a more risk style.

So that's why I agreed that they can share this vid also in their group, because it's very important that the people that are trading in their group, that they also understand what they mean. Although they give a lot of, it's not like when I share a chart, they give really the entry zones, they give the stop- loss zones, so they really go and give more details in the trades they take. So that's not what I'm going to talk about, but it's very important that anyone needs to learn these basics, because it all starts here. It all starts here. So it starts with the basics,If youdon'thavethebasicsyou cannot grow. And even if you're going to grow, you're going to get wrecked in the process.

So you really need the basics first. In the next vids, I'll also do a tutorial on, I don't know, Bidunax or Oblovi in a week. Maybe I'll do them all, then we'll go just kind of make some vids. you see things in action, I'll show you guys also a lot of tricks on those exchanges, how to do it. First of all, what I also want to say is, you really, if you trade on high volume, so especially for the high volume trades, it's very important that you take at least two. So Blovin and Bidunax or Blovin and Weeks, Weeks, their updated app is really great, guys. So they really, really improved their trading app. So if you didn't try it out yet, go try it out.

So now we really have three great, strong partners with very, very, very good trading apps. But especially if you trade on high volume, for example, if you want to trade PopCat on very high volume, don't go do it on one exchange, do it on two exchanges. Just do, suppose that you, let's just say you want to short PopCat, you want to short it with, let's say 500k, do 250 on Blovin, do 250 on Weeks or 250 on Bidunax or Divider. Take them all, three of them. Don't do it on one exchange. And there is a reason why I'm saying this. But this is really for traders that trade with 100k plus USDT on their accounts. So this is only for them. If you trade just with a 10k, 20k, 15k, 30k, whatever, you can do it on one exchange. You don't need to do this on more exchanges than that. So that's about it. So let's dive in. Let's dive in. Let's start. First of all, guys, lesson number one, that is very, very important. So I'm going to write it down, guys, because you guys need to read this. Lesson number one is you need to be controlling, you need to control your greed.

emotions this is something very important guys you need to control you need to control your greed and emotions what does that mean it means that when you want to go for example short popcat you need to control your greed and emotion what does it mean it does it means that you need to not over position yourself because as confident as you are that the price might dump down if the market makers decide to rump it up you will get wrecked what does that mean that mean that you're gonna lose your money and you're probably gonna get liquidated and when you get liquidated you cannot fight back because you're out of the game so lesson number one is you need to be always in the game i know that for the people that have been following whatever trading courses out there whatever bait signal groups whatever crypto schools

you know you know you know for me for my view as a professional trader this is really all just mickey mouse mickey mouse charting mickey mouse trading these guys have no clue what they're doing and maybe they know what they're doing but their their their their purposes is that you'll get liquidated and why do they want you to get liquidated because that's how they make money these guys have agreements with these exchanges they've got agreements with with market makers they you know i cannot prove it so i don't know it for a thousand or one hundred percent sure but let's just say i'm i've been too long in this business to know what's going

on i just you know so it's this is just my opinion so what they when they when you get liquidated that's when they make money that's just how these do how this dirty business works so control your greed and emotion what does that mean because we're gonna take it step by step so i'm gonna i'm gonna give you guys an examplei'mgonnagiveyouguysanexample suppose suppose let me just let me just say suppose you wanted to get into a short over here why because you've got that sick that sick freak of mw he made you guys a chart and this was this was the entry zone so this was the resistance so you wanted to enter over here so now comes number two comes number two need to have enough

funds on your account this is number two you need to have enough funds on your account if you don't own enough funds on your account you cannot defend yourself from getting liquidated you can it's possible that you do it on low amounts so suppose you know you know it's it's very funny when i see a lot of mw well we joined in and we want to join the free private and we deposited the 500 bucks that is required this 500 bucks is just a number that we put on there so we know that we're dealing with normal real active retailers and not some scammers or some someone that tries to do some that's the reason but because we are requiring 500 bucks it doesn't mean that you have to deposit 500 bucks

so this 500 bucks you're not paying it to us it's not mine it's your money it's your money we're just giving you that number so we can keep out those scammers and if you want to leverage trade don't do it with 500 bucks 500 bucks will do nothing you can build a portfolio that but it will take you a long time if that's your goal just do it but don't if you want to really really leverage trade and make money you have to fund your account you have to fund it to protect yourself and why is this so important because i'm gonna show you guys for example this popcat we can all agree that this is just one big ponzi scheme uh we also know that popcat nobody on ct

has destroyed this popcat one two three four times i'm the only one and uh there are like four retailers that became and made their first million trading on popcat on popcat you hear me good on popcat on these dubs one two three and the last one was over here by the way so three three did it over here and one did it but just guys not selling your dreams these these retailers that made their first million trading these guys are very high volume traders so they risked also a lot of money but you know they they risked it and they made it so uh congrats but first of all suppose that this was your

entry so you wanted to go in over here okay fine your liquidation level and i'm gonna be very conservative over here very conservative over here your liquidation level so suppose that you went in on this line over here 130 let's just say 130 your liquidation level needs to be at least at least at least at a double so 130 means 260 this is at least this is like 50 percent risk 50 percent risk this is 50 50 if you want to do it the right way if you really want to do the nw style you need to do it at least 1. 5 to 2 to 2x that means that your liquidation level at 1. 5 is 260 uh it's around 320 let's just say 320 over here this is 75 if you want really really safe safe safe you have to do it on a 3x so it means around around this 370 so what does what is this telling us what this is telling us is this

is there a chance that popcat will ramp up to 3. 7 yes there is a chance but the chance is very very low so it's probably maybe a one percent i'm not talking on the long term i'm talking on the short term on the midterm so maybe in a week two weeks popcat will fly into this liquidation level the chances are so low it happens maybe maybe 0. 5 percent of the times some coin gets foamed up and a lot of leverage boom boom boom boom boom boom boom liquidated and now comes the most important part is when you when you when you trade and you enter over here and you've got your liquidation

level over here or your liquidation over here it means that your position has to be low especially if you're trading with 500 bucks but the more money you have on your account so suppose you've got like 10k 20k 50k whatever then it's doable it's no problem you can make a nice a nice position over here with your liquidation level away and why is it so important that your liquidation level is always high why is this so important because the moment the moment that your liquidation level is very high these two so it's all connected at mw everything is connected these two greed and emotion those will decrease dramatically so when someone that's what i

tweeted yesterday about also when someone feels fear he's over positioned it means that he went into heavy so if he went in over here with a big position and his liquidation level is at 140 150 i understand that he get that he gets scared and he sees the price going up oh my god oh my god the price is going up oh my god i'm gonna get liquidated i'm gonna lose all my money that's not trading guys if if that's what you're doing that's not trading i know that all those trading course schools and whatever etc etc they want you to believe that that's trading that's not trading that has got nothing to do

with trading what you're doing there is your gambling you're just gambling with your money it could play out if you open up a very big position based on the funds you have on your account and maybe it gets rejected and boomed down and you may you double your portfolio triple in a day but that's gambling guys that's not trading that's not trading and yes i'vecreated a style for those guys also that like to trade that way but we're gonna talk about that one in the next trading course with but now what most important is is just the normal so why is this so important guys the moment your liquidation level is very far

away you'll see you because the moment that emotions and fear gets into your head you don't know what you're doing you will make mistakes you'll sell you'll decrease your position you close your position then you open it again and you get emotional and then when it goes up you go yeah oh i got it now and then you you just you are lost you're lost and you you're on tilt like we say in dutch i don't know is it also in english i really have no clue but you're on tilt so whatever it is you do this is this is very important because if you want to educate because you can you can you can follow me you can you can you can you can

teach yourself the mw style you can teach yourself uh the ta you can teach yourself everything but if you if you're a liquidation level if this basic is over here it doesn't matter what i say and it doesn't matter what whoever says and it doesn't matter what you have learned in all those months or weeks your emotions and fear and greed will take over in your mind and you will make mistakes and you'll end up losing a lot of money because this game is made for this guys again cannot repeat myself enough about this you need to control your greed and emotions so when you take any trade make sure that at least at least your liquidation level is at a double so what does the double mean the double means if you enter at 130 at least at least 260 and if you want to risk it 75 but this is it and why am i saying this why am i saying this because guys this leverage trading

basics there's so much that i can teach you guys so much so much but i cannot do it all in one vid so i'm you know i wanted to teach you guys something else now but no no no no i have to i have to do it in in the whole trading course with so let me just take it step by step so you guys will not get so you need to have enough funds and your liquidation i hope this is clear this is just clear and i explained you guys into details why why that is why it is that you need to have enough funds on your account because it's the only way how to defend yourself from getting liquidated and if you if you if you because someone let me just show you over here someone that enters over

here let me put on a 50 minute you entered over here for example and the trade goes against you because you you chose to chase the trade just like the team does it's no problem but you know your liquidation level is very far away so what happens is even if when you go chase trade the price goes against you you add to your position over here this will decrease your liquidation level by the way so you have to do it slowly you have to do it slowly so over here you add to your position if this thing decides to do something like this you add to your position this way your entry that was over here will be somewhere over here and if it goes up again over here your liquidation level is still far away you add to your position your your average entry will be over here and when it does like this because that's gonna happen

i hope that you guys agree on that one nothing goes up forever it will come down at some point it maybe one percent will not come down and goes far more up but most of the time it comes down like 90 of the time when it comes down and you get to break even you can decide to just exit or you can decrease it with 50 75 percent this way this trade that went against you over here you saved yourself from it and you took your money back and at least if it goes even lower you're gonna take profits over here so you know i don't want to go to dive too deep in this one i don't want to go to dive too deep in this i'm gonna save that for another but it's just for you guys to you need to understand how important it is that your liquidation level is at least far away because when it's far away

let me tell you this yesterday i tweeted real traders professional traders they hope that will go even higher and why is that so because these guys what they do is this let me show you exactly what they do the team also does this and they share it in their group they they do it with a with a check mark and that check mark for the ones from the from the paid group from the from the from the game trading crib what they show you is they show you that the check mark because what they do is they take profits they decrease their position that's what they do when they when they when they show

you guys that they explain it also but that's what they do so suppose that this was this was this was their entry or whatever and then it came down over here what they do is they see that there is for example let me put on the indicator because now the indicator comes in play suppose that this happens this is on the 50 minutes let me put it on the one hour over here this was the resistance line that i pointed out in the group suppose that you went in over here and i i've seen a lot of penals that went in over here by the way congrats to you guys by the way for making this money look at this what do you do over here you guys have this machine of this indicator what do you do over here what you do over here is you decrease your position or if you're satisfied with the gains just close the damn

position market close you made your money and if you still think wait a minute no this bobcat i want to make a lot of money on this one what you do is you at least decrease like 50 of your position over here close it because it comes down to the indicator so you know that there is it doesn't have to be it could have dumped directly down but there is like i think with this indicator it's like 60 70 it'll probably bounce up so if you have this tool you have this indicator this is how you use it so when this thing comes down you take 50 profits you take it out if it

goes up just like now we closed above it so it probably wants to ramp up again okay no problem when it reaches over here you can start adding again so you're so over here you took your profits and over here you start adding to your position again even if it would break out you can start adding again because why because if your entry is over here you can start adding over here because it's just profits it will probably take your average entry down it doesn't matter because you've got enough money because you took 50 out and if it breaks up you're gonna add again if it goes up you're gonna add again and then the same amount that you went in over here will be in over here the same amount but your average will be now over here so when this thing comes down like this comes down your gains will be bigger you'll have bigger gains over here

than it was over here i hope that you guys can follow me when i'm when i'm explaining here this is trading guys this is this is really if you want to go in if you want to go deep really deep into the hole this is trading this is how you trade and there is a lot more to explain because you have to you can you can you can calculate if it's going up or it's coming down you can calculate this you can calculate also if this thing is going below the indie etc you know but that's for another another trading course with you can how to calculate these moves and when because you know i if i would trade i know if i'm gonna decrease over here 50 or 75 of my position i know it i know if it's gonna hold or not because it depends on a lot of other

things and if i see if i see something bearish i take like 20 out instead of 50 because i see that other other narratives will this thing will probably break down so i take only like 20 out instead of 50 or 75 or maybe i'm seeing some bullish signs i take out 80 over here because i know that it's probably going to ramp up so this is very very very important guys i'm not talking about popcat now because popcat might make a lower high and then from here i'll go down so i'm not talking about this it's not about popcat popcat i'm just using this thing as an example so this is how you

trade it this is how this is this is for the for the berries for the berries so if you're gonna short it we can also talk about the longs because you have to understand that what i do is i give you guys i show you guys the move the move the the moves that i'm seeing on the way down but the way up it's the same and for popcat let's all respect the fact that popcat is doing great although a lot of retailers made made the first million trading shorting it but popcat made a new all- time high so popcat is one of the strongest most bullish coins out there you know so look

at this on the weekly look let me show you let me show you you know that i'm bearish on popcat has got to do with the fact that this is a ponzi scheme but it doesn't mean that you cannot make money on it because listen guys this was all- time high over here we broke above it over here monday we broke up so and you know for the ones if you watch my previous uh videos live streams or trading course vids when you go into price discovery that's super bullish that's super when a coin goes into price discovery so making a new all- time high it's super bullish so you could also think okay well wait a minute wait a minute mw i know i know i know you are very bearish on popcat and you're just waiting to give the call for these dumps these ones just like you did past

months because i nailed all those uh by the way guys for the ones that don't know this i nailed all these dumps but mw wait a minute wait a minute you teached us how to make money you teached us how to leverage trade so this thing is in price discovery why not why not just long the crap out of it because the bulls are marching over here yes i agree and how do you do that how do you do that i'm gonna show you i'm gonna show you very easy first of all we broke above the indicator over here this was the 10th of september came down closed above it this is super bullish this could be an entry on the daily boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom and well but this is not trading this is investing wise so if investing wise uh spot buy in over here and stop loss below it and let it run but let's now go trading wise trading wise

i'm gonna show you trading wise put it under one hour put it under one hour so i suppose where was that wait a minute what was the level of the new all- time high uh let me see let me see come here it's this one one buck okay one dollar so over here where's one dollar this is one dollar so over here we broke all- time high and what you saw is this scummy up and down but when you see that we've made a new high look over here this could be an see how it's holding the 200ma over here you'll get out over here again you'll get out over here this this is

about the most beautiful one goes up come down and what i always tell you guys when the 200ma comes together with with with with the indicator it's one of the most powerful moments for a price up or down in this case up so they came together over here and this was your entry and you're just riding it up this is just under one hour because if you would jump in over here you would still be in the trade technically you're still in the trade but i put it under 15 minutes under 15 minutes over here it went up down down down wait wait wait up up up over here out because you need to get out just get out because you don't know this this is the style don't be greedy out over here i'm back in boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom over here out again you wait wait wait and over here i wouldn't trade this because

on the macro i've showed you guys that this is the resistance so you just need to be out over here don't go waste a lot of time in in trying to long this but it works the two ways but as you guys can see the pocket is very volatile so you'll see a lot of uh invalidation over here it's validated and invalidated and validated invalidated because why because you have to put on the one hour time frame the one hour time frame is the one that is solid over here this is the one that is making money so this is the style guys this this is the style and when you when the most important part today is the liquidation level because when the liquidation level is very far away you will not be emotional and let me just say something else we have been holding the indicator now since what was this since friday we're holding it if we're gonna lose it If we're going to get a candle like this one,

like below it, rejected, boom down. So if this thing is going to lose the indicator, this is also a short opportunity. This is also a confirmation, a closed candle, so it has to be closed, not a spike. Let me show you guys where we see one of those. And I see where is one of those, one of those, where are you, are you, are you, are you, are Well, I'm not seeing anyone. I cannot find, over here, for example, this one, this one. We spiked below it, but we closed above the Indy, in the Indy. I got another one, a better example. Over here, for example, this one. We went below it, but we closed above it. Boom, boom, You see, we went below it, we closed.

So this candle was the confirmation for this upside. So keep this in mind, guys, so you have to trade it that way. So if, by any mean, if this one will close a candle below it, that's your short entry. But keep in mind that most of the times they like to retest. So what happens is it closed below it and then it goes up a bit and then get rejected and then come down. But you have to be, if you want to get in directly, directly just get in, but you have to know that it might go up. So do a DCA. So if it goes up to this line, you add to your position. If it closes above it, get out. Just get out. Market, sell out.

Because it will try to wreck you. But by the way, guys, I'm just, I'm showing you now the safe trading. If you're just like the team, the team, they don't care. They don't care. They just shorting Bobcat. They just don't care. And they hope that it goes up more because they will add a lot more to their short position. They just don't care. They're chasing this coin down. That's what it means when I say they're chasing it down. We reach the level, they don't trade it on a 50 minutes, not on a 5 minute, not on a 10 minute. They don't give a crap. They're just chasing it down. The only thing that they do is if price comes down to the indicator, for example, let me tell you the 4 hour.

Let me show you the 4 hour. Suppose that we will get a dump on Bobcat to this level over here. They will probably get like 75, 50 to 75% of the position out. They will take huge profits over here. That's what they do because they have been chased trading this trade. They don't care. So, okay, you've got this FOMO going on. No problem. We start shorting over here. We just don't care. We're going to start shorting. If you want to make the next move up, we will add to our position. If you want to make this move up, we don't care. We will add over here because you have to understand that their liquidation level is probably around 10 bucks or 12 bucks. You know, they've got a lot of money on that exchange.

They don't care. They just don't care. Goes up, they will cheer it. You want to go up? Fine. We're going to short more. And at some point, this thing, every chart, doesn't matter what chart, at some point, it will do like this. And what they want, they want to increase their position and higher up their average. And when this happens, it's kaboom, ching ching. They're going to cash in again and again and again and again and again and again. Not like they keep doing it. They're doing this for years, guys. But you need funds for this. If you don't own the funds, then this will probably not work out for you. Well, it can work out for you, but you need to go in on very, very slow amounts.

Very low amounts, not slow amounts, low amounts. Okay, I'm starting to get a little bit dizzy now. So guys, this is trading course 1. 0. This is the most important part. You cannot imagine. So where is that text that I made? Where is it? Where are you? Where's the text I made? Oh my god, where is it? Oh, here it is. Listen, guys, this, first of all, if you want to leverage trade, if you want to do leverage trading the right way, you have to control your greed and emotion. It's number one. It's just number one. That's number one. Together with it is you need to have enough funds on your account. And not need to have enough funds on your account because, I don't know, you want to, it's to protect yourself against getting liquidated.

Because the whole game is built on not getting liquidated. you cannot get liquidated, market makers will hate you. Because if they cannot liquidate you, then they can also not manipulate the You see all those, when you see those prices do like this up and then down and up down, that's just they're liquidating retailers that don't do as Iteach What they do is they go into, what they do is they go into, they go in here, they go in here on a short and their liquidation level is over here. And then what they do, those market makers, they just do one spike up and then down. So you're liquefied, you're gone. And over here, you could have made a lot of money, but you didn't because you got liquidated.

So guys, this is, you know, especially, especially if you want to follow the game trading system, this is the most important part. It all starts over here. I cannot teach you something. If you're liquidation, I can, even if you would ask me a at least Amanda, what do I need to do? The moment I see something, someone writing this or sending me a oh my God, I know he's over positioned and his liquidation level is very close. Because if his liquidation levels are over here, then I'll get a message like, hey, MW, well, the trade is going a bit against me and well, what should I do? And he's relaxed and he's thinking and his mind is clear. Maybe if it makes a rump up, add to your position very slowly.

If it rumps up, higher up your average, boom. And when you see like this, then you have your money back. Then you can decide for yourself what to do. What I would do is if a trade goes against me, no greed, if it would come back to money back, I will at least, at least decrease 50% out, 50% out at least. And if it wants to dump more, well, so be it. I'm making a lot of Don't be Don't be greedy because if it does like this, you came back to your money and you did not decrease your amount and it does like this, then you'll get emotional again. Oh my God, why didn't I take my money back? Oh my God, why didn't I decrease my amount?

But if you would just take 50% out, if it does like this, you're going to add another one. And then your average will be over here. And if this thing goes down and you would exit your whole position and it dumps further, you'll get emotion. You'll get emotional the same. Oh crap, I should have stayed in. And all these guys always do, they always do, when I go in, they go up. When I go short, it goes up. When I go long, it goes down. This is just your mind. This is the emotion and greed in your mind that's talking to you. You have to protect yourself from this because I can teach, I cannot teach you how to not be emotional. I cannot teach you that.

can give you the pill, So you're going to take a pill that will kill it. This is the pill. This is how you do that. So this is Trading Course 1. 0. So in 2. 0, we're going into a lot more details in when and how much we should take profits or decrease our amounts or not. We're going to do that in Trading Course 2. 0. So I'm going to make a new streak. And by the way, guys, just to be clear, the indicator on coins like Bobcat, like you have to be very careful and you have to, when you trade on the 50 minutes or five minutes, you have to take the green when you see it because why? These coins are very volatile. You can see it also over here.

These shit coins are all volatile. So they're respected like we're seeing over here. Respect, respect, respect, to remain on down, down, down, down, down, up, up, up, up, and then down again. So what that means is that when you're trading the lower time frames, you need to take the green. Just take it when you see. Let's just say you went in confirmation. Okay, I made 500 bucks. Take it. Just take it because you have to eye the bigger plan. The bigger move is when I share a post. When I share a post, that's the big move. You know that there is a big move coming out over there. And for example, just like the one that I shared, I don't know where the chart is.

If we will break up above that 130, it means that there is a breakout. So when there is a breakout, it means get out of the trade. And if you want to chase trade, that's another story. But if you want to chase trade, you need to also understand how to do that. there will be also a video about chase trading. There will also be a video. But the most for the basic, this is just basic for now. When you entered over here, you should have taken some profits over here. And over here, suppose that we break out over here. Just get out. Just get out because you'll probably see a next move up. Keep that in mind. You're probably going to see a next move up. And how can you eye that?

You can eye that on the indicator. And if you, well, it went up. You know what? I'm not going to long this. I'm not going to short this. What I'm going to do is I'm going to wait a strike. And what you do then is just put it on a 5 or 15 minutes. And when you see an invalidation, you jump into the short. This is what I tell you only trade on a validation. So it means just like, let me give you guys an example. Over here, let me give you guys an Let me remove this all. When I say invalidation, this is invalidation. Invalidation is pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Invalidation, invalidation. Let me put it on a 15 minute. This is invalid. This is invalidation.

So suppose that over here, we close the below it. Boom. Retest. This is your entry of your short. Boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom, boom. You made money. You made money. I don't know. Based on how big your position is. You made 200, 500, 1000 bucks, 2000 bucks. Whatever. Just take the damn money over here. You're out. Wait, wait, wait over here. Short opened. Break even out. And you just chase it up because at some point. At some point, you got to see this. At some point, you got to see something like this. Let me show you. That's my chart. So at some point, you're going to see this. You're going to see this. Where are you? Where are you? My chart is very slow today, guys. Let me see.

At some point, you're going to see this. This is where you're going to make money. This is where you got to make the money. At some point, you got to see something like this. Over here, close below it. Boom, boom, boom. Over again. Over here. Your entry again. 200 DMA. You take profits. You wait. You enter again. And then boom. You decrease your position over here, by the way. And then boom. Over here. Out again. You wait, wait, wait. Over here. The retest. Entry. Boom. You wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Over here. Retest. Boom. You wait, wait, And over here. Until and over especially here. You see when the 200 DMA comes together with the indicator over here. This is about the best entry you can get over here.

This one. Because the 200 DMA comes together with the Boom. This is the big move. You see this? This is a move, This is a lot of It's 15% down on a leverage of a 30x. It's a 500% P& L. Yousee Boom, boom, boom. And this will happen again. I know that it's going to happen again. You just need time to eye it. And if you don't have the time to eye it. Then I suggest that you have to use the bigger time frames. 4 hour, 1 hour daily. Or you have to watch the chase trading vid. If you want to do the chase trading, it's a bit risky. But you need to own the funds. But let me just say that the team does a lot of chase trading.

And let me tell you, out of the 1000 trades that they made, they lost maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe 2- 3 Maybe. They lost like 2- 3 trades. So keep that in mind. So guys, this is leverage trading course 1. 0. I hope that you guys keep repeating what I explained here. And but you know, the vid is now running for like 45 minutes. So I think I said enough. But the most important part is this. Control your greed and emotions. And how do you do this? Because it's very easy for me to say it. Listen, control your greed and emotions. Yes. Okay. Kabish, Yes, yes. And then in reality, it doesn't happen. But how do you do this? How you do that is by. You need to have enough funds on your account.

So your liquidation level is very high. At least a double or a two double or 1. 5 or 75% But that's the only way. Higher liquidation is the only way how you can control this. And you'll see the bigger picture. And you'll not make those stupid mistakes by getting liquidated or whatever. Okay, guys, until the next one. So this was the basic. I hope that in the next one. I didn't decide what one I got to do. Trading course 2. 0. Let's see. Okay, guys. Thank you all for Have a nice one.